Tracklist for J Cole - 2014 Forest Hills Drive:

1. Intro (2014 Forest Hills Drive)
2. January 28th
3. Wet Dreamz
4. 03' Adolescence
5. A Tale of 2 Citiez
6. Fire Squad
7. St. Tropez
8. G.O.M.D.
9. No Role Modelz
10. Hello
11. Apparently
12. Love Yourz
13. Note to Self
Track: Intro (2014 Forest Hills Drive)

Lyrics:
72 ContributorsTranslationsEspañolEnglishEnglishIntro (2014 Forest Hills Drive) Lyrics

Do you wanna, do you wanna be?
Do you wanna, do you wanna be?
Do you wanna, do you wanna be, free?
Do you wanna, do you wanna be, happy?
Do you wanna, do you wanna be, happy?
Do you wanna be, happy?
Do you wanna, do you wanna be, happy?
I said do you wanna, do you wanna be, happy?
I said do you wanna, do you wanna be, free?
I said do you wanna, do you wanna be happy?
I said do you wanna, do you wanna be, free?

Free from pain, free from scars
Free to sing, free from bars
Free my dawgs, you're free to go
Block is hot, the streets is cold
Free to love, to each his own
Free from bills, free from pills
You roll it loud, the speakers blow
Life get hard, you ease your soul
It cleanse ya mind, learn to fly
Then reach the stars, you take the time
To look behind and say, "Look where I came
Look how far I done came"
They say that dreams come true
And when they do, that there's a beautiful thing
You might also like
Now do you wanna, do you wanna be happy?
I said do you wanna, do you wanna be free?
I said do you wanna, do you wanna be?85Embed


Track: January 28th

Lyrics:
197 ContributorsTranslationsEspañolEnglishJanuary 28th Lyrics
Rap tune
Can I make a million dollars off a rap tune?
Can I make a million dollars off a rap tune?
I'm tryna make a million dollars off a rap tune
Yeah, look

The real is back, the ville is back
Flow bananas, here, peel this back
And what you'll find is, your highness
Can paint a picture that is vivid enough to cure blindness
Carolina's finest, you knew that already
In terms of the greatest, I proved that already
And if you would like, I do it twice
I just sharpen my blade, for a minute became lost in my ways
This for my niggas that was tossed in the graves
Every so often I fade deep in my thoughts
And then get lost in the days
We used to play before your coffin was made
Just got the call nigga got caught with a stray
Hope he's okay
Just got paid what Cochran got paid to free OJ
Just to share my life on the stage in front of strangers
Who know a nigga far too well, and that's the danger
Know me better than I know myself
I rip a page out my notebook in anger
And let these thoughts linger, singing
You might also like
Don't give 'em too much you (Don't give 'em too much you)
Don't let 'em take control (Don't let 'em take control)
It's one thing you do (It's one thing you do)
Don't let 'em taint your soul (Don't let 'em taint your soul)
If you believe in God (If you believe in God)
One thing's for sure (One thing's for sure)
If you ain't aim too high (If you ain't aim too high)
Then you aim too low (Then you aim too low)

What's the price for a black man life?
I check the toe tag, not one zero in sight
I turn the TV on, not one hero in sight
Unless he dribble or he fiddle with mics
Look out the window 'cause tonight the city lit up with lights
Cameras and action
May no man alive come through and damage my faction
I brought you niggas with me 'cause I  love you like my brothers
And your mothers' like my mother
Think we need a plan of action
The bigger we get the more likely egos collide, it's just physics
Please let's put our egos aside, you my niggas
And should our worst tendencies turn us into enemies
I hope that we remember these
Nights full of Hennessy
When Hov around we switch up to that D'usse
Gotta show respect, one day we tryna stay where you stay
'Cause we from where you from
Not talkin' bout the slums
I'm talkin' 'bout that mind state that keep a black nigga dumb
Keep a black nigga dyin' by a black nigga gun
And keep on listening to the frontin' ass rap niggas son
Yeah I said 'son'
This is New York's finest
For 11 winters straight I took on New York's climate
Like show me New York's ladder
I climb it and set the bar so high that you gotta get Obama to force the air force to find it
Never mind it, you'll never reach that
Cole is the hypnotist, control the game whenever he snap
That's every track, nigga
Don't give 'em too much you (Don't give 'em too much you)
Don't let 'em take control (Don't let 'em take control)
It's one thing you do (It's one thing you do)
Don't let 'em taint your soul (Don't let 'em taint your soul)
If you believe in God (If you believe in God)
One thing's for sure (One thing's for sure)
If you ain't aim too high (If you ain't aim too high)
Then you aim too low (Then you aim too low)

I ain't serve no pies, I ain't slang no dope
I don't bring no lies, niggas sang my quotes
I don't play no games, boy I ain't no joke
Like the great Rakim, when I make my notes
You niggas might be L or you might be Kane
Or you might be Slick Rick with 19 chains
Or you might be Drizzy Drake or Kendrick Lamar
But check your birth date nigga, you ain't the god
Nah you ain't the god
Nigga, Cole the god (Cole the god, Cole the god)
January 28th

Make a million dollars off a rap tune
Can I make a million dollars off a rap tune?
(*sound of baby laughing*)
I'm tryna make a million dollars off a rap tune
I wanna make a million dollars off a rap tune
I'm gonna make a million dollars off a rap tune261Embed


Track: Wet Dreamz

Lyrics:
203 ContributorsTranslationsEspañolEnglishEnglishItalianoWet Dreamz Lyrics
Cole
Cole world
Yeah
Let me take y'all back, man
As I do so well
Wadn't nuttin' like that
Man, it wadn't nuttin' like that

First time, she was in my math class (Uh-huh)
Long hair, brown skin with the fat ass
Sat beside me, used to laugh, had mad jokes
The teacher always got mad, so we passed notes
It started off so innocent
She had a vibe and a nigga started diggin' it, uh
I was a youngin, straight crushin', tryna play the shit cool
But a nigga couldn't wait to get to school, ‘cause when I seen
Them thighs on her and them hips on her and them lips on her
Got me daydreamin', man, what
I'm thinkin' how she rides on it, if she sits on it, if she licks on it
Make it hard for me to stand up, as time goes by
Attractions gettin' deep and
Wet dreamin', thinkin' that I'm smashin' but I'm sleepin', I want it bad
And I ain't never been obsessed before
She wrote a note that said, "You ever had sex before?" Damn…
You might also like
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no

I wrote back and said
"Of course I had sex before," knowin' I was frontin'
I said, "I'm like a pro, baby," knowin' I was stuntin'
But if I told the truth, I knew that I'd get played out, son
Hadn't been in pussy since the day I came out one, but
She don't know that, so she done wrote back and told me
"Oh, you a pro, homie? Well, I want you to show me
My mama gone for the weekend
So Saturday, baby, we can get to freakin'."
That's when my heart start racin' and my body start sweatin'
Baby, you done woke my lil' man up
I'm thinkin' how that body look naked when you layin' on the bed
Teacher, please, don't make me stand up, I wrote back like
"Yeah, baby, sound like a plan."
Still tryna play it cool, sound like the man
But I was scared to death, my nigga, my stomach turnin'
Talkin' shit, knowin' damn well I was a virgin, fuck
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no

Yeah, you know that feelin' when you
Know you finna bone for the first time?
I'm hopin' that she won't notice it's my first time
I'm hopin' that my shit is big enough to fuck wit'
And most of all I'm prayin', "God, don't let me bust quick"
I'm watchin' pornos, tryna see just how to stroke right
Practice puttin' condoms on—how it go? Right
I'm in her crib, now a nigga palm sweatin'
With a pocket full of rubbers and an erection
That's when my hands start touchin' and her face start blushin'
And a nigga roll over on top and then she
Get my pants unbuckled and her hands start rubbin'
On me, ooh girl, don't stop, it's time for action
Pull out the condoms real smooth, yeah, just how I practiced
But right before I put it in, she flinched and grabbed it and said
"I wanna get somethin' off my mental
I can tell you're a pro, but baby, be gentle, ‘cause—"
‘Cause I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
1.1KEmbed


Track: 03' Adolescence

Lyrics:
189 ContributorsTranslationsTürkçePortuguêsEspañol03' Adolescence Lyrics

La la la
La la la la la
La la la (Yeah)
La la la la la (Yeah)

I grew up, a fucking screw up, tie my shoe up
Wish they was newer, damn, need something newer
In love with the baddest girl in the city, I wish I knew her
I wish I wasn't so shy, I wish I was a bit more fly
I wish that I could tell her how I really feel inside
That I'm the perfect nigga for her, but then maybe that's a lie
She like a certain type of nigga, and it's clear I'm not that guy
Ball player, star player, I'm just watchin' from the side
On the bench, 'cause my lack of confidence won't let me fly
I ain't grow up with my father, I ain't thinkin' 'bout that now
Fast forward four years or so from now, I'll probably cry
When I realize what I missed, but as of now my eyes are dry
'Cause I'm tryna stay alive, in the city where too many niggas die
Dreamin' quiet trying to dodge a suit and tie
Who am I? (La la la)
Ayy, who am I? (La la la la la, yeah)
You might also like
Things change, rearrange and so do I
It ain't always for the better, dawg, I can't lie
I get high 'cause the lows can be so cold
I might bend a little bit but I don't fold
One time for my mind and two for yours
I got food for your thoughts to soothe your soul
If you see my tears fall, just let me be
Move along, nothing to see

I always did shit the hard way
My nigga  slangin' in the hallway
Burnt CD's and trees like this was Broadway
Times Square, kept the dimes there in the locker
Some Reggie Miller with more brown hairs than Chewbacca
Whispers that he got it for the low-low, sell a
Dime for a dub, them white boys ain't know no better
Besides, what's twenty dollars to a nigga like that?
He tell his pops he need some lunch and he gon' get it right back
I peeped game, got home snatched my mama keychain
Took her whip, the appeal, too ill to refrain
I hit the boulevard, pull up to my nigga front do'
His mama at home, she still let 'em hit the blunt though
I told her, "Hello", and sat with my nigga and laughed
And talked about how we gon' smash all the bitches in class
I complimented how I see him out here getting his cash
And just asked, "What a nigga gotta do to get that?
Put me on," he just laughed when he seen I was sure
17 years breathing, his demeanor said more
He told me, "Nigga, you know how you sound right now?
If you wasn't my mans, I would think that you a clown right now
Listen, you everything I wanna be, that's why I fucks with you
So how you looking up to me when I look up to you?
You 'bout to go get a degree, I'ma be stuck with two choices:
Either graduate to weight or selling number two
For what? A hundred bucks or two a week?
Do you think that you would know what to do if you was me?
I got, four brothers, one mother that don't love us
If they ain't want us, why the fuck they never wore rubbers?"
I felt ashamed to have ever complained
About my lack of gear and thought about how far we done came
From trailer park to a front yard with trees in the sky
Thank you mama, dry your eyes, there ain't no reason to cry
You made a genius and I, ain't gon' take it for granted
I ain't gon' settle for lesser, I ain't gon' take what they handed
Nah, I'm gon' take what they owe me and show you that I can fly
And show old girl what she missing, the illest nigga alive
Ayy, who am I?
Things change, rearrange and so do I (Ayy, who am I?)
It ain't always for the better, dawg, I can't lie (Who am I?)
I get high 'cause the lows can be so cold
I might bend a little bit but I don't fold
One time for my mind and two for yours
I got food for your thoughts to soothe your soul
If you see my tears fall, just let me be
Move along, nothing to see

I never felt better273Embed


Track: A Tale of 2 Citiez

Lyrics:
193 ContributorsTranslationsTürkçeEspañolPortuguêsA Tale of 2 Citiez Lyrics

Uh

Since a youngin' always dreamed of gettin' rich
Look at me, my nigga
Fantasize about a white picket fence
With some trees, my nigga
Used to want a Pathfinder with some tints
That's all I need, my nigga
Throw some 20's on that bitch and get it rinsed
But now I see, my nigga
That the world's a lot bigger ever since
Picked up the paper
And they say my nigga Eddie caught a body, I'm convinced
Anybody is a killer, all you gotta do is push 'em to the limits
Fuck being timid in the Civic
Politicin' with the pushers and the pimps
I'm tryna write a story, can I get a glimpse?
Yeah, can I get a glimpse?
Last night I had a bad dream (Bad dream, bad dream)
That I was trapped in this city
Then I asked is that really such a bad thing? (Bad thing, bad thing)
They robbin' niggas on the daily
Can you blame a nigga that ain't never had things?
(What's the value of a thing?) Guess not
Last night they pulled up on my nigga at the light like—
Ugh, nice watch, run it
Hands in the air now, hands in the air, run it
Hands in the air now, hands in the air, run it
Hands in the air now, hands in the air
Hands in the air now, hands in the air
You might also like
Small town nigga, Hollywood dreams
I know that everything that glitters ain't gold
I know the shit ain't always good as it seems
But tell me 'til you get it how could you know?
How could you know? (How could you know? How could you know? How could you know? How could you know? How could you know?)
How could you know? (How could you know? How could you know? How could you know? How could you know? How could you know?)
Listen up, I'm 'bout to go and get rich
Fuck with me, my nigga
We gon' circle 'round the Ville and hit a lick
Cop some trees, my nigga
And some powder, bag it up and make it flip
You gon' see, my nigga
One day we gon' graduate and cop a brick
And that's the key, my nigga
Listen up, I'm 'bout to go and get rich
Stand back and watch if you want to, nigga
Me, I want my pockets fat, a badder bitch
Tired of seein' niggas flaunt, I wanna flaunt too, nigga
Watch some rollers in a fuckin' Crown Vic
Tryna lock a nigga up, that's what they won't do, nigga
Wanna know a funny thing about this shit?
Even if you let 'em kill your dream
It'll haunt you, nigga, haunt you
Last night I had a bad dream
That I was trapped in this city
Then I asked is that really such a bad thing?
I look around like—
Do you wanna be another nigga, that ain't never had things? (What's the value of a thing?)
Guess not
Last night we pulled up on a nigga at the light like
(You know what the fuck it is, nigga, run that shit right now)
Uh, nice watch, run it
Hands in the air now, hands in the air, run it
Hands in the air now, hands in the air, run it
Hands in the air now, hands in the air
Hands in the air now, hands in the air

Father forgive me for my childish ways
I look outside and all the clouds are gray
I need your hands to take me miles away
Your wish is my command, my command, my command
But before you go I've got to warn you now
Whatever goes up surely must come down
And you'll get your piece, but know peace won't be found
So why just take me man, take me man, take me man
Your wish is my command, my command, my command375Embed


Track: Fire Squad

Lyrics:
281 ContributorsTranslationsEnglishFire Squad Lyrics

Yeah, yeah, yeah (Yeah)
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah (Yeah)
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (Yeah)
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

Nigga, why you actin' like a ho?
Know that I'ma ride for you, either way it go
Tell me, girl, why you be stressin' me for time? (Time, time, time, time, time, time)
When you tell me you love me, can't you see I'm tryna climb?
Damn, my nigga, why you actin' like a bitch? (Bitch, bitch, bitch)
If you scared to take a chance, how the fuck we gon' get rich?
Come here, baby, why you always insecure? ('Cure, cure, cure, cure, cure, cure)
Hold on tight to a nigga and be sure

Yeah, ain't a way around it no more, I am the greatest
A lotta niggas sat on the throne, I am the latest
I am the bravest, go toe to toe with the giants
I ain't afraid of you niggas, I'll end up fadin' you niggas
'Fore it's all said and done, this nigga need medicine
My Uzi, it weighed a ton, I need me a better gun
In fact I just might need two, 'cause niggas say they the one
And I got somethin' to prove
Forgive me, Lord, here they come, blaow
You might also like
Nigga, why you actin' like a ho?
Know that I'ma ride for you, either way it go
Tell me, girl, why you be stressin' me for time? (Time, time, time, time, time, time)
When you tell me you love me, can't you see I'm tryna climb?
Damn, my nigga, why you actin' like a bitch? (Bitch, bitch, bitch)
If you scared to take a chance, how the fuck we gon' get rich?
Come here, baby, why you always insecure? ('Cure, cure, cure, cure, cure, cure)
Hold on tight to a nigga and be sure

My inhibition's fightin' my intuition
Premature premonition, showin' me the demolition
Of these phony niggas, so ahead of my time
Even when I rhyme about the future I be reminiscin'
You want the truth? Well, come and listen
I'm like that time you bagged a dime and checked your phone and saw it was a number missin'
As fate passes you by, half of you try
The other half of you fried, too high to actually fly
One day y'all have to decide, who you gon' be
A scary nigga or a nigga that's gon' rule like me
Keep it true like me, Cole, you might be
Like the new Ice Cube, meets the new Ice-T
Meets 2 Live Crew, meets the new Spike Lee
Meets Bruce like Wayne, meets Bruce like Lee
Meets '02 Lil Wayne, in a new white tee
Meets KD, ain't no nigga that can shoot like me, blaow
Nigga, why you actin' like a ho?
Know that I'ma ride for you, either way it go
Tell me, girl, why you be stressin' me for time? (Time, time, time, time, time, time)
When you tell me you love me, can't you see I'm tryna climb?
Damn, my nigga, why you actin' like a bitch? (Bitch, bitch, bitch)
If you scared to take a chance, how the fuck we gon' get rich?
Come here, baby, why you always insecure? ('Cure, cure, cure, cure, cure, cure)
Hold on tight to a nigga and be sure

(Who's the king?)
Came from the bottom, nigga, with stains on my shirt
What you expected from me, I came from the dirt (Who's the king?)
Money my motivator, the songs that I sing
Picture a peasant passin' from pawn to a king
(Who's the king?)
You tell me you still love me, if so then let me go
Will I return or will I burn, never know (Who's the king?)
Look in my eyes and see the future
But don't sugar coat it (Yeah)
Listen, history repeats itself and that's just how it goes
Same way that these rappers always bite each other's flows
Same thing that my nigga Elvis did with Rock 'n Roll
Justin Timberlake, Eminem and then Macklemore
While silly niggas argue over who gon' snatch the crown
Look around, my nigga, white people have snatched the sound
This year I'll prolly go to the awards dappered down
Watch Iggy win a Grammy as I try to crack a smile
I'm just playin', but all good jokes contain true shit
Same rope you climb up on, they hang you with
But not Jermaine, my aim too sick
I bang, nigga, I came to bring the pain my brain too quick
You see how I maneuver this game, I ain't stupid
I recognize that life is a dream, and I dream lucid
And break the chains and change minds
One verse at a time, and claim 2-6
And fuck it, if the shoe fits, who's the king?
We all kings (We all kings, nigga)
Kings of ourselves first and foremost
(True)
While the people debate who's the king of this rap game (Hehehaha)
Here comes lil' ol' Jermaine
With every ounce of strength in his veins
To snatch the crown from whoever y'all think has it (True)
But rather than place it on his head as soon as he grabs it
Poof, boom, paow, it's like magic
With a flash and a bang, the crown disintegrates
And falls to the Earth from which it came
It's done
Ain't gon' be no more kings (Ain't gon' be no more kings)
Be wary of any man that claims
Because deep down he clings onto the need for power (Mm)
In reality he's a coward (Mm)
Ultimately he's scared to die
And sometimes so am I
But when I'm in tune with the most high
I realize, the fear lies in my lack of awareness of the other side (The other side, ayy)
Today I know that we are the same, are the same, you and I (Yessir)
Different kind of skin, different set of eyes
Two different minds, but only one God (It's only one God, nigga)
It's for all the kings (Uh)
'Cause I know deep down every poet just wanna be loved744Embed


Track: St. Tropez

Lyrics:
89 ContributorsTranslationsPortuguêsSt. Tropez Lyrics

Roll up and smoke my sins away
I'd like to go to St. Tropez
Maybe I'll go, maybe I'll stay (Maybe I'll stay)
She asked me if I'm scared to fly
To tell the truth, I'm terrified
I never been that high before
Very bad reason not to go
Terrible reason not to go

He's on his way, he's 'bout to get paid
He's on his way to Hollywood
He's on his way, he's 'bout to get paid
He's on his way to Hollywood
Show him the way, he's 'bout to get paid
He's on his way to Hollywood
He's on his way, he's 'bout to get paid
He's on his way to Hollywood

Ayy, from the door I showed you my scars
And I told you girl, "I won't lie-ie-ie"
If we at war, then this is a war
That I can't afford, no I, I, I
I wanted more but that was before
Lord knows I'm torn, so I–I cry (No I, I, I)
From the corner of my eye, baby
It's been hard for me to smile-ile
Lately, it's been hard for me to smile-ile
Lately, it's been hard for me to smile-ile
Lately, it's been hard for me to smile
You might also like
Ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh
If you won't take me in your home
If you won't take me in your home
If you won't take me in your home
If you won't take me in your home

He's on his way, he's 'bout to get paid
He's on his way to Hollywood
He's on his way, he's 'bout to get paid
He's on his way to Hollywood
Show him the way, he's 'bout to get paid
He's on his way to Hollywood
He's on his way, he's 'bout to get paid
He's on his way to Hollywood128Embed


Track: G.O.M.D.

Lyrics:
221 ContributorsTranslationsEspañolEnglishG.O.M.D. Lyrics
Hollywood Cole, go
Ayy, Hollywood, ayy, Hollywood Cole, go
My nigga done went Hollywood

You wanna know just where I'm at?
Well, let me tell you 'bout it
I put my city on the map
But let me tell you 'bout it
They tryna say I can't come back
Ayy, let me tell you 'bout it
Man, fuck them niggas, I come back
Ayy, let me tell you 'bout it
I wanna tell you 'bout it:
Heads up, e'rybody run
Cole outside and he say he got a gun
Niggas like, "Man, that's what e'rybody said" (Uh-huh)
Go and pop the trunk and now e'rybody dead
E'rybody scared of the nigga, aware that the nigga is better (Better)
All my bitches the pick of the litter (Yeah,) never bitter
Niggas is fake, they anime
Me, I never hate, get cake like Anna Mae, woah
Eat the cake bitch, eat the damn cake (Cake), uh
Fuck good, nigga, we demand great (Great)
Order Domino then she take off all her cloth'
Nigga you know how it go, make the pizza man wait (Hol' up! Hol' up! Hol' up!)
The best-kept secret
Even Hov tried to keep it then I leaked the damn tape, uh
Rest in peace any nigga want beef
Secret service couldn't keep the man safe
You might also like
I said, to the window, to the wall (To the wall)
My nigga ride when I call (I call)
Got bitches all on my mind (My mind)
Fuck nigga blockin' my shine (My shine)
I know the reason you feel a lil way
I know just who you wan' be
So every day I thank the Man upstairs
That I ain't you and you ain't me

Get off my dick
Woah (Get the fuck off my dick)
Get off my dick
Woah (Get the fuck off my dick, nigga)
Get off my dick (Bitch)
Woah (Get the fuck off my dick)
Get off my dick
Woah

Man, fuck them niggas, I come home
And I don't tell nobody
They gettin' temporary dough
And I don't tell nobody
Lord, will you tell me if I changed?
I won't tell nobody
I wanna go back to Jermaine
And I won't tell nobody
This is the part that the thugs skip!

Young nigga never had love, you know
Foot massage, back rub shit
Blowin' bubbles in the bathtub shit
That is until I met you
Together we done watched years go by
Seen a river of your tears go by
Got me thinkin' 'bout some kids, still I
Tell them hoes come through, the break-up
Get to know somebody and you really learn
A lot about 'em, won’t be long 'fore you start to doubt 'em
Tell yourself you're better off without 'em
Then in time, you will find can't walk without 'em
Can't talk without 'em, can't breathe without 'em
Came here together, you can't leave without 'em
So you walk back in, make a scene about 'em
On your Amerie, it's just 1 Thing about 'em, it's called love
Niggas don't sing about it no more
Don't nobody sing about it no more
(No more), no more
It's called love
Niggas don't sing about it no more
Don't nobody sing about it no more
(Nigga, don't sing about this shit, nigga)
But e'ry nigga in the club singin'
To the window, to the wall (To the wall)
My nigga ride when I call (I call)
Got bitches all on my mind (My mind)
Fuck nigga blockin' my shine (My shine)
I know the reason you feel a lil way
I know just who you wan' be
So every day I thank the Man upstairs
That I ain't you and you ain't me

Get off my dick
But e'ry nigga in the club singin'
Singin' this song, yeah
Got all the bitches in the club singin'
Singin' this song, yeah
And all the mamas let their kids sing it
Sing this song, yeah
The baby mamas and the mistresses
This song, yeah, song, yeah
Song, yeah, song-song, yeah

The make up
This shit is retarded
Goddamn
Why every rich Black nigga gotta be famous?
Why every broke Black nigga gotta be brainless?
Uh, that's a stereotype
Driven by some people up in Aerial Heights, here's a scenario:
Young Cole pockets is fat like Lil Terrio
Dreamville, give us a year, we'll be on every show
Yeah, fuck nigga, I'm very sure
Heh
Fuck the rest, I'm the best nigga out
When I'm back home, I'm the best in the South
When I'm in L.A., I'm the best in the West
You contest? You can test, I'ma stretch niggas out
Ooh, I'ma stretch niggas out
That go for all y'all if I left niggas out
This shit for e'rybody on my testicle
Please make sure you put the rest in your mouth, ho
521Embed


Track: No Role Modelz

Lyrics:
403 ContributorsTranslationsEspañolРусскийEnglishItalianoFrançaisNo Role Modelz Lyrics
First things first: rest in peace, Uncle Phil
For real
You the only father that I ever knew
I get my bitch pregnant, I'ma be a better you
Prophecies that I made way back in the Ville
Fulfilled
Listen, even back when we was broke, my team ill
Martin Luther King woulda been on Dreamville, talk to a nigga

One time for my L.A. sisters
One time for my L.A. ho
Lame niggas can't tell the difference
One time for a nigga who know

Don't save her, she don't wanna be saved
Don't save her, she don't wanna be saved
Don't save her, she don't wanna be saved
Don't save her, she don't wanna be saved

No role models, and I'm here right now
No role models to speak of
Searchin' through my memory, my memory, I couldn't find one
Last night, I was gettin' my feet rubbed by the baddest bitch
Not Trina, but I swear to God, this bitch'll make you call your girl up
And tell her, "Hey, what's good?
Sorry, I'm never comin' home, I'ma stay for good"
Then hang the phone up and proceed to lay the wood
I came fast like 9-1-1 in white neighborhoods
Ain't got no shame 'bout it
She think I'm spoiled and I'm rich 'cause I can have any bitch
I got defensive and said, "Nah, I was the same without it"
But then I thought back, back to a better me
Before I was a B-list celebrity
'Fore I started callin' bitches "bitches" so heavily
Back when you could get a platinum plaque without no melody, you wadn't sweatin' me
You might also like
One time for my L.A. sisters
One time for my L.A. ho
Lame niggas can't tell the difference
One time for a nigga who know

Don't save her, she don't wanna be saved
Don't save her, she don't wanna be saved
Don't save her, she don't wanna be saved
Don't save her, she don't wanna be saved

I want a real love, dark-skinned Aunt Viv love
That Jada and that Will love
That leave a toothbrush at your crib love
And you ain't gotta wonder whether that's your kid love
Nigga, I don't want no bitch from reality shows
Out-of-touch-with-reality hoes
Out in Hollywood bringin' back five or six hoes
Fuck 'em then we kick 'em to the do', nigga, you know how it go
She deserved that, she a bird, it's a bird trap
You think if I didn't rap she would flirt back?
Takin' off her skirt, let her wear my shirt, 'fore she leave
"I'ma need my shirt back" (Nigga, you know how it go)
One time for my L.A. sisters
One time for my L.A. ho
Lame niggas can't tell the difference
One time for a nigga who know

Don't save her, she don't wanna be saved
Don't save her, she don't wanna be saved
Don't save her, she don't wanna be saved
Don't save her, she don't wanna be saved
There's an old saying in Tennessee—I know it's in Texas, probably in Tennessee—that says, fool me once... shame on... shame on you
Fool me—can't get fooled again

Fool me one time, shame on you (Ayy)
Fool me twice, can't put the blame on you (Ayy)
Fool me three times, fuck the peace sign
Load the chopper, let it rain on you (Bop, bop, bop)
Fool me one time, shame on you (Ayy)
Fool me twice, can't put the blame on you (Ayy)
Fool me three times, fuck the peace sign
Load the chopper, let it rain on you (Bop, bop, bop)
My only regret was too young for Lisa Bonet
My only regret was too young for Nia Long
Now all I'm left with is hoes from reality shows
Hand her a script, the bitch prolly couldn't read along
My only regret was too young for Sade Adu
My only regret, could never take Aaliyah home
Now all I'm left with is hoes up in Greystone
With the stale face 'cause they know it's they song

She shallow but the pussy deep (She shallow
She shallow)
She shallow but the pussy deep (She shallow), yeah, ayy
(She shallow)
She shallow but the pussy deep (She shallow), haha
(She shallow)
She shallow but the pussy deep (She shallow
She shallow)

Don't save her, she don't wanna be saved
Don't save her, she don't wanna be saved
Don't save her, she don't wanna be saved
Don't save her, she don't wanna be saved
Don't save her, she don't wanna be saved
Don't save her, she don't wanna be saved
Don't save her, she don't wanna be saved
Don't save her, she don't wanna be saved
1.3KEmbed


Track: Hello

Lyrics:
83 ContributorsTranslationsTürkçeEspañolHello Lyrics
Hello, hello, hello
Hello, hello, hello

And I thought about you today
And I thought about the things you used to say
And I thought about the things we did
And I thought about your newest kid
And damn that makes two now
Oh what do I do now?
'Cause if we ever got together
I'd have to be them niggas step-pops forever
And well that ain't my thing 'cause I
I ain't even got my own
And I ain't really got no home
No place to put these things I own
And I thought about the things you used to say
And I thought about the games you used to play
And I thought about that little kid
And I thought about the things we did
I always thought that we would be together
I always knew that we would be together
But I don't wanna wait forever
I don't wanna wait forever
You might also like
Hello, hello, hello
Hello, hello, hello

Hello? Hell-hello? Hello?
Shit seem so sad when you look back (Hello?)
Shit seem so sad when you look back (Hello?)
Shit seem so sad when you look back
Shit seem so sad when you look back
Shit seem so sad when you look back
Shit seem so sad when you look back
Shit seem so sad when you look back
Shit seem so sad when you look back
Shit seem so sad when you look back
Everything's so sad when you look back

On the rebound like a book back
On the rebound like a put back
Don't just sit back, bitch get on it
Time fly by way too quick, don't it?
Reflection bring regrets don't it?
Rejection makes you defensive
So you protect your pride with your reflexes
But life is a game with no reset on the end
It ain't no lookin' back, no, no, no, no
It ain't no lookin' back, no, no, no, no
It ain't no lookin' back, no, no, no, no
It's all good, ay
It ain't no lookin' back, no, no, no, no
It ain't no lookin' back, no, no, no, no
It ain't no lookin' back, no, no, no, no
Heh, it's all good

Hello, hello, hello
Hello, hello, hello

And I thought about you today
And I thought about the things you used to say
And I thought about the things we did
And I thought about your newest kid
And damn that makes two now
Oh what do I do now?137Embed


Track: Apparently

Lyrics:
210 ContributorsTranslationsEnglishEspañolApparently Lyrics
Oh, right, oh
Oh, why, na-da-da-da, da, ah

I keep my head high, uh
I got my wings to carry me
I don't know freedom, uh
I want my dreams to rescue me
I keep my faith strong, uh
I ask the Lord to follow me
I've been unfaithful, uh
I don't know why you call on me
This is my canvas (Yeah, my canvas)
I'ma paint it how I want it baby, oh I (Paint it)
This is my canvas
I'ma paint it, paint it, paint it, how I want it nigga
Fuck you 'cause there, there is no right or wrong, only a song
I like to write alone, be in my zone
Think back to Forest Hills, no perfect home
But the only thing like home I've ever known
Until they snatched it from my mama
And foreclosed her on the loan
I'm so sorry that I left you there to deal with that alone
I was up in New York City chasing panties, getting dome
Had no clue what you was going through
How could you be so strong?
And how could I be so selfish? I know I can be so selfish
I could tell by how I treat you with my girl, damn, she so selfless
But she put up with my ways because she loves me like you do
And though it don't always show, I love her just like I love you, and
I need to treat you better
Wish you could live forever
So we could spend more time together, uh
I love you mama, uh
You might also like
I keep my head high, uh
I got my wings to carry me
I don't know freedom, uh
I want my dreams to rescue me
I keep my faith strong, uh
I ask the Lord to follow me
I've been unfaithful, uh
I don't know why you call on me

E-e-eee, e-e, apparently (Uh)
You believe in me, huh, you believe in me
E-e-eee, e-e, apparently
You believe in me, and I thank you for it, oh, I

Another day, another rhyme, ho
Another day, another time zone
Today, I woke up feeling horny so it's only right, I got two bitches playing on my trombone
Keep up, never sure where the words would take me
Niggas eat 'em up and regurgitate me
Shit trump tight never slurred it lazy
Give a virgin the urge to rape me, nigga please
Best friends really make great for enemies
My watch came, niggas can't wait for one of these
I see you, nigga, this ain't no Rolex, it's an AP, nigga
I'm hot, dog, catch up to me, nigga— huh, couldn't resist
Aim for the stars and I shouldn't have missed
But I was riding on fumes, so I stopped by the moon
Now I'm sitting on the hood of this bitch
Like, "Thanks for the view," waiting on thanks from a few
'Cause without me you wouldn't exist
You know that shit, gave you the blueprint, don't forget
Cole is your phone on zero percent
Going off, now niggas showing off
Niggas swear they hard, but they flowing soft
I'm taking off like "boing!" on a big ass Boeing, and getting head like a coin toss, too easy
I keep my head high, uh
I got my wings to carry me
I don't know freedom, uh
I want my dreams to rescue me
I keep my faith strong, uh
I ask the Lord to follow me
I've been unfaithful, uh
I don't know why you call on me

E-e-eee, e-e, apparently (Huh)
You believe in me, you believe in me, huh
E-e-eee, e-e, apparently
You believe in me, and I thank you for it, oh I564Embed


Track: Love Yourz

Lyrics:
216 ContributorsTranslationsTürkçeРусскийEnglishEnglishLove Yourz Lyrics
Hm, love yours
Hm, love yours
No such thing
No such thing as a life that's better than yours
No such thing as a life that's better than yours (Love yours)
No such thing as a life that's better than yours
No such thing, no such thing

Heart beatin' fast, let a nigga know that he alive ('Live, live, live)
Fake niggas mad, snakes
Snakes in the grass let a nigga know that he arrived ('Rived, rived, rived)
Don't be sleepin' on your level
'Cause it's beauty in the struggle, nigga (Beauty, beauty)
Goes for all y'all
It's beauty in the struggle, nigga (Beauty, beauty)
Let me explain, yeah

It's beauty in the struggle, ugliness in the success
Hear my words and listen to my signal of distress
I grew up in the city and know sometimes we had less
Compared to some my niggas down the block, man, we were blessed
And life can't be no fairy tale, no once upon a time
But I be goddamned if a nigga don't be tryin'
So tell me, Momma please, why you be drinking all the time?
Does all the pain he brought you still linger in your mind?
'Cause pain still lingers on mine
On the road to riches, listen, this is what you'll find
The good news is, nigga, you came a long way
The bad news is, nigga, you went the wrong way
Think being broke was better
You might also like
No such thing as a life that's better than yours (Hah)
No such thing as a life that's better than yours (Think being broke was better)
No such thing as a life that's better than yours
(Think being broke was better, yeah) No such thing, no such thing
For what's money without happiness?
Or hard times without the people you love?
Though I'm not sure what's 'bout to happen next
I ask for strength from the Lord (Man) up above
'Cause I been strong so far, but I can feel my grip loosenin'
Quick, do somethin' before you lose it for good, get it back and use it for good
And touch the people how you did like before
I'm tired of livin' with demons 'cause they always invitin' more
Think being broke was better, now I don't mean that phrase with no disrespect
To all my niggas out there livin' in debt
Cashin' minimal checks, turn on the TV, see a nigga Rolex
And fantasize about a life with no stress
I mean this shit sincerely, and as a nigga who was once in your shoes
Livin' with nothin' to lose, I hope one day you hear me
Always gon' be a bigger house somewhere, but nigga, feel me
Long as the people in that motherfucker love you dearly
Always gon' be a whip that's better than the one you got
Always gon' be some clothes that's fresher than the ones you rock
Always gon' be a bitch that's badder out there on the tours
But you ain't never gon' be happy 'til you love yours
No such thing as a life that's better than yours (Love yours)
No such thing as a life that's better than yours (Love yours)
No such thing as a life that's better than yours (Love yours)
No such thing, no such thing
Heart beatin' fast, let a nigga know that he alive ('Live, live, live)
Fake niggas mad, snakes
Snakes in the grass let a nigga know that he arrived ('Rived, rived, rived)443Embed


Track: Note to Self

Lyrics:
195 ContributorsTranslationsEspañolNote to Self Lyrics
One, two, three, four
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh, oohOoh, ooh, ooh, ooh
And wherever we go
And whatever we do
And whatever we see
And whoever we be
It don't matter, it don't matter
I don't mind 'cause you don't matter
I don't mind 'cause I don't matter
(And don't shit matter) You'll see in the end

I've got a feeling that there's somethin' more
Something that holds us together
Something that holds us together
The strangest feeling but I can't be sure
Something that's old as forever
Something that's old as forever
Love, love, love, love
And wherever we go
And whatever we do
And whatever we see
And whoever we be
It don't matter, ahh, it don't matter
I don't mind 'cause you don't matter, ay
I don't mind 'cause I don't matter
(And don't shit matter) You'll see in the end, ahh!
You might also like
Yeah nigga, Forest Hills Drive
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah! That's it, we made it, baby!
As we speak, the last sample just cleared
Thank you to whoever in Japan, just cleared that shit
Turn my vocal up and turn the headphones down a little bit
I gotta do my thank yous man
I, I didn't have enough time to turn in my thank yous
For the, for the artwork, so fuck it, I'ma do it right now
This is the, this is the credits, this is roll credits nigga
If you don't, if you don't wanna sit through the credits
Get your ass up and walk out the movie theatre
First and foremost, my entire Dreamville team, thank you, man
Before that, I'm buggin', thank you, God! Oh my God
Everything happened too perfectly and in line, this whole thing
Thank you, God, thank my Dreamville family
Mez who fuckin' sleep right now
That nigga ain't even recording his shit, nigga
Nigga's been working hard man
Mez I'm proud as fuck of you man, for real you killed this shit
Ib what up? El Presidente, what up!?
We killed this shit nigga, we killed this shit nigga!
I don't give a fuck if we sell three copies nigga
We killed this shit nigga!
My nigga Adam, I'm proud of y'all man, for real
Ron Gilmore, my nigga, yes, Camille, yes that's my sister
KC, that's like a father figure right there, KC I love you man
My brother Ced, wow
We done came a long way from the Ville, my nigga Gray's Creek
My nigga Felton, you killed it
You killed that Friday Night Lights shit nigga
And you killed this one too man
I shoulda been coming to you man, hahah
You only do the classics though, that's what it is, for real
My nigga Mike Shaw shiggity
You already know where he at right now
Posted up somewhere in D.R
My nigga RJ Trump, Trump gettin' that motherfuckin' bread
You know what it is man
My nigga Diz, I see you
I see your vision, man, I believe in you, man. I love y'all niggas
Big D, thank you, bruh, for real (Teddy what up)
(Shotgun!) We believe in y'all (Proof!) you and the fiends
My nigga Bassy Badass, Bas, Bas, Bas, I can't believe it, nigga!
(Marquis Jones) You changed your life, man, keep goin'
Keep goin', the sky is the limit
Fuck that, man, Super Mookin Fiends
It's Super Mookin Fiends, nigga!
My nigga Depp, you know what I mean?
Razzle Dazzle, ahahah
Elite, Elite, Elite, Elite, what up! (I'm bored) What up man?
My nigga Reagan put in them hours, baby!
My nigga Omen, man, Elephant Eyes
That shit is confirmed classic, man
Dreamville, we only did confirmed classics so far, that's all we doin'
Yo, Elijah! Ayy, if we go diamond
Nigga you got the triple crown, man, hahaha
First 50, then Usher, nigga, you fuckin' out of here
But we might go wood though
Nervous Reck, man, congratulations to you, brother, I love you
(At least fuckin' silver, nigga)
FilthE, I love you too, man
I know you feel a way about me right now but I love you
Yo, shout to the young niggas, man
Forreal, we blessed to have y'all on board, man
We feel so grateful
Cozz, that Cozz and Effect is a mothafuckin' classic, nigga
I'll be ridin' my bike through Manhattan listenin' to that shit, man
I've been livin' with that shit for like the past four days
I finally got a chance to slow down
That shit is a classic, my nigga
Congratulations to you, we don't give a fuck what it sold
I don't even know what that shit sold to tell you the truth, man
And I'm proud of you, man
I'm, I'm proud of you and your homeboys, man
Y'all, it's really gon' be great to watch y'all grow
I'm appreciatin' watchin' y'all grow more than– more than we did, man!
I get to relive it all again and actually appreciate it this time
Shout out to the whole committee, man. Tone, Meez, what up?
My nigga Money Makin Matt, what up man?
Treat them boys right, man
Everybody that was involved in makin' this album
My nigga Jack who's at the board right now, what's up, man!?
Yo, you made the album, man! We gon' live forever, man!
You gotta loop the beat up right now though 'cause it can't, ayy, okay
Raph, Wreck-It-Raph
Perfect Sound Studios, L.A., we couldn't have did it without you
My nigga Dave Linaburg, Nate Jones, Yolanda, TS
Kaye Fox came through and killed it
My nigga Quick with the clean versions
Vinylz killed that beat!
My nigga Phonix, oh, that beat is hard!
Dahi brought that beat, who does that?
Pop & Oak, my nigga Pop, thank you, man
And nigga Willie B, I never met you, but you did the beat
!llmind, you killed the beat, Social Experiment
My nigga Jeff on the guitar, you know what I mean?
Nuno did the mothafuckin' strings, I appreciate that shit, man!
We gon' pay you, hey, the horn players that came through
I don't know y'all names but y'all killed that shit, man
We was lovin' that shit!
CharGaux, the girls on the mothafuckin' strings
We appreciate it, that session was a little wild, I ain't gon' lie
Uh, maybe that was my fault, I set y'all up with Wreck-It-Raph
But it's all good, we still killed it though
And all the mothafuckin' samples that cleared, thank you
Y'all be tryin' to give a nigga a hard time on the samples, man!
I'ma go to the fuckin' Supreme Court
And try to make this shit easier for niggas like me to clear these samples, man
If you made the fuckin' music, and you made the art
And you put it into the world
I should be able to use it however the fuck I want
I'ma pay you, I'ma give you a percentage
But you shouldn't be able to tell me I can't use it
Yeah, that's fuckin', that's fucked up, nigga
You was inspired by the world, allow the world to be inspired by your shit and to use your shit
So all them people like The fucking Doors
Or whoever that don't let niggas use they shit: fuck that, man
It's 2014, 2015 by the time you might hear this shit
Fuck that, man, we movin' on
Man, shout out Drizzy Drake, Kendrick Lamar, Wale
I'm so happy to be peers with y'all niggas and consider y'all niggas friends
And, I'm sorry I had to come snatch the crown right quick
I had to do it to show niggas it ain't no more motherfuckin' crowns man
We gotta be the example, we gotta show these niggas man
It's love at the top
Can't you believe, it–it's crazy to believe we sitting right here
In these motherfuckin' seats right now
Fifteen years ago, we was lookin' at these niggas
Like, "Man we gotta be these niggas!"
Now we those niggas
But it's our responsibility to show these niggas man it's love up here
Niggas want beef, niggas want drama
Fuck that we comin' together
Shout out to everybody in Ferguson right now still ridin', still ridin'
Everybody else asleep, y'all still ridin'
And it's bigger than Ferguson, man that shit is fuckin' nationwide man
We gotta come together, look at each other, love each other
And feel like we are one another
We share a common story nigga, that shit is pain, struggle
And guess what man? We can come together
And that's one things that's gon' do it, that's love
I'm just telling y'all, that's a Public Service Announcement
Back to this shit, yo
ByStorm, I love y'all niggas man, no matter what
Wayne, Just, Mark, Gucci, you my big brother forever
It don't even matter the business nigga, it's bigger than that
MK, thank you man, you came on board and killed it
Natalya, what's up?!
My nigga Julius Garcia, I already shouted you out
But I shouted out your alias
And I just put your whole government on record
And this gon' live forever
Tisha, Tisha, you know I love you, Tisha!
Future the Prince, thank you for those conversations man I needed that
Roc Nation damn! We feel like a family now man, forreal
It was always family but it's so ill to see us come together on this album
Thank y'all very much man, thank y'all for believing
I know this is a scary idea
I don't know if it's gon' work or not, as I speak
I don't gave a fuck man! I'm just happy we did this shit
Shout out to Nelly, Ted, Christina
Chaka I love you, Jeff what up?, Jay Z, Hov, holla!
Jay Brown, what up?! Rich Kleiman, Ty-Ty
My nigga Emory, you know what it is
Shout out to Interscope, yeah, Joey I.E., 'preciate you
Janet, Gary, Steve Berman, yeah
Columbia, we love y'all man
Damn, I'm runnin' out of breath and shit
I'm sad this is my last album with Columbia
It's not my fault it's all contractual, but I love the fuck out of y'all
We made relationships there that ain't never going away (Lisa Wiggins!)
And you never know what the future holds man
We hope we can do business some day
April, thank you very much, baby
Ayelet, you are a legend, we fuckin' love you
CJ, same to you man, y'all been killin' this shit for years
Thank you man, thank you
Rob Stringer, thank you, sir, Joel Klaiman, yessir
The whole sales team, production, marketing team
My man B Nolan who drove us around in a fuckin' van
And a SUV, and showed us all about the radio game, man
And we ain't had no hits, all we had was fuckin' "Who Dat"
Tryin' figure this shit out man and I figured it out
B Nolan, I finally figured it out
I know you like "Damn, this nigga talking to me?"
I'm talking to you man
'Cause you used to hear us stressin' over this shit
And I finally figured it out, man, don't none of that shit matter yo
I came all this way, all the way from Fayetteville, North Carolina
Went to New York City got this motherfuckin' record deal
Put out some classics, put out some singles
Had my ups, had my downs
Came all this way just to learn one thing man
Only one fuckin' thing matters and that's your happiness
And the only way you gon' get to that happiness
Is through love, real, genuine, motherfuckin' love man
Not the fake shit, not the Hollywood shit
Not the niggas giving you props so you think you the shit
Not motherfuckers knowing you so you think you famous
Not niggas seeing your whip and they want your whip
So you feel good 'cause they want your whip
Or they want your bitch, so you feel better, fuck that, real love
Where your crib is at nigga, where your heart is at
Where your home is at, where your mom is at, where your girl is at
Mimi, what up?! I'm fuckin' up my words, I don't care
How am I not gon' shout out Mimi man?
Fuck that shit, keep the tape rollin', we still goin', wassup man?!
Forest Hills Drive, we gon' do this shit
If you ain't listening to this shit, I don't give a fuck
Nigga it's the fuckin' credits
Don't nobody stay for the movie credits anyways man
My mamaa, ohhhhhhh! I love you!
I'm so grateful and blessed to have you, still in my life
A lot of people ain't got their mothers in they life still
And I recognize that I'm blessed
Mama, I love you, Zach I love you
My pops I love you, James Cole, I love you,
Jackie I love ya, my whole family, I love ya
I'm so grateful man, thank y'all
It all came full circle and I had to put this shit out in 2014
We barely made, yo Ib, we barely made it nigga
We barely fuckin' made it but we fuckin' made it man
Fuck y'all, but I love y'all at the same time man, woo!
Man look, y'all really wanna know who did it?
I'ma tell y'all who did this shit man
Man, Dale Earnhardt Jr. dawg
I'm, yo, I'm never gon' forget, this is gonna sound crazy
But I'm never gonna forget that shit you told me, yo
For real, Dale Earnhardt Jr. man, thank you dawg
From the bottom of my heart
That shit you said to me changed my life man
And I ain't gon' never forget, ever forreal
For real Dale, from me to you, you my nigga man, forreal
I love you boy. And Jonah Hill! Oh, Jonah Hill!
How could I forget Jonah Hill?!
Yo, that shit you told me when we was in the elevator
Nigga, that shit changed my, ahahah, I'm just fuckin' playin'
I don't know either one of those two dudes, hahaha
I don't know either one of them niggas
It just was, it was, I was in the moment
I just lied, I don't give a fuck
2014 Forest Hills Drive, ahaha
Cole World man, thank y'all for listening
If you made it this far, then, uh, then I really fuck with you
Until the next time, I don't know when that's gon' be but
One love baby!
Love, love, love, love142Embed


