Albums and Tracklists for J Cole:

Album: The Come Up - May 04, 2007

1. Intro (The Come Up Vol. 1)
2. Simba
3. I'm the Man
4. School Daze
5. Dolla and A Dream
6. Throw It Up
7. Quote Me
8. College Boy
9. Split You Up
10. Plain (Skit)
11. The Come Up
12. Mighty Crazy
13. Dead Presidents
14. Lil Ghetto Nigga
15. Homecoming
16. Carolina On My Mind (Ft. Deacon (Singer))
17. Can't Cry
18. Goin Off
19. Rags to Riches (At The Beep)
20. Get It
21. I Do My Thing by Nervous Reck

Track: Intro (The Come Up Vol. 1)

Lyrics:
10 ContributorsIntro (The Come Up Vol. 1) Lyrics
Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you the story of a young man who left everyone and everything he loved to chase his dream. A lil' nigga from North Carolina, Fayetnam to be exact. Packed up all his shit and moved to the big city of dreams, where he ain't know a motherfuckin' soul, and he ain't have a motherfuckin' thing, just a dollar and a dream.
This mixtape is provided partly in part by, Dreamville Records. Straight out the Ville where anything's possible. All-terrain music, that's Carolina's finest boy. And by any means, when ain't shit handed to you, you gotta take it. Without further ado ladies and gentlemen I proudly present to you, J. Cole, The Come Up.You might also like6Embed


Track: Simba

Lyrics:
134 ContributorsReturn Of Simba Lyrics
One day, Simba, the sun will set on my time here, and will rise with you as the new king
And this will all be mine?
Everything
Everything the light touches

In my freshest J's, I ain't slept in days
Girl, you gonna make me late undressing me
Know you ain't seen me since yesterday
But, see, I got a date with destiny
Cause this the summer that our life change
Hov asked me, "Is you ready for it?"
I looked around at all his nice things
Told him, "Nigga, you already know it"
Bitch, I'm the man of the year
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Straight through this bitch
Bitch, I'm the man of the year

What you 'sposed to do when the OG niggas don't get it?
Lost what was once theirs but they won't quit it
Homie, it's a new era, middle finger to the suit-wearers
Lemme show you how to move in a room
Full of dudes that don't got a fuckin' clue how to do this
Prolly worked with Cube, so to them, this a Rubik
My President is black, but my jeweler's still Jewish
So you know it cost, he makin' a killing off me
Red diamonds he designing got me shining
Spotlight cover my body, my chain blinding
A cop light runner, they wanna but can't find him
Me and Hovi Hov, out on the same island
Took the whip to the other side of Jamaica
Seen how he was living, said "I gotta get my weight up"
Formulated my plan, motivated by dreams
Parlayed with my mans, motivated my team
Ced said, "Look, my niggas, we got a foot in"
Being good is good, that'll get you Drew Gooden
But me, I want Jordan numbers, LeBron footin'
Can't guard me, Vince Lombardi, John Wooden
Garbage? Hardly, you niggas silly like Chris Farley
So like him, you'll be gone too early
Mama hands together like 6:30
And Cole keep a thick bitch I like to call Big Shirley
All my '90s niggas is gon' get it
18 and under, that's prolly gonna take a minute
I'mma be here for a while, none of these clowns can hurt me
I'mma be here for a while, none of these clowns can hurt me
At the time of this rhyme, 5 years 'til I know 30
Cole World in the summer brings snow flurries
This next shit is in no way to boast
But my city love breakfast, 'cause niggas had toast early
Coach had us doin' jumpin' jacks
Then sent us to the water fountain after runnin' laps
My nigga went and grabbed his bookbag, threw it on his back
And brought it to me just to show me he was fuckin' strapped
We was twelve years old, how was we to know better?
I analyzed his life and see that he was so set up
Live by the trigger, 'cause no father figure
Means you don't got a nigga comin' 'round to guide a nigga
All you got is mama bringin' home these rotten niggas
Blowin' reefers, all the teachers do is ride a nigga
So this is who I speak fo'
To give the young niggas somethin' they could reach fo'
You better dream, boy
Yeah, I stunt, but I'm a li'l more realer
When it come from the heart, don't it feel mo' iller?
Watch my flow go bananas, I'm a li'l gorilla
So pardon me, man, y'all gon' have to pardon me
They say I rep that 'Ville too much, but that shit just a part of me
It's flowin' out through my arteries, who hard as me? You JV, I'm varsity
No field trip, ain't hard to see, this real shit, you R&B
Seen a movie wit' yo' bitch in it, and listen it, was starrin' me
(Woo!) That boy Simba crazy
Hotter than Ike Turner temper, you December, maybe
And though you wish me well, I know deep down you wish I'd fail
It's Judgment Day, I'm here to give you pussy niggas hell
And some food for thought, I can serve a plate
With dessert to take, with dessert to take
Yeah, I heard the hate, but the wait is fuckin' over
It's like I'm fuckin' Oprah, well worth the wait
Maybe over your head, I'm ahead of my time
Niggas scared of my future, I know they dreadin' my prime
Cause I only made classics, now what that take? Timing
Cole under pressure, what that make? DiamondsYou might also like28Embed


Track: I'm the Man

Lyrics:
38 ContributorsI’m the Man Lyrics
He gonna have the nerve to fucking tell me niggas from the south can’t spit?
Bitch I’ll smack your dumb ass
(Fayettenam what up? Carolina what up?)
Stupid ass mother fuckers (New York, what up? Queens)
I'ma quit talking shit and about show y’all
I told y’all niggas that I’m getting my bread and going home
I'ma show you all stupid ass motherfuckers (Coming soon, nigga)
Dumb ass niggas

The heir to the throne
South nigga bred to the bone
But haters say he fled from his home (Please)
Now picture that, I was 18 with million dollar dreams (Yeah)
Moved to Jamaica Queens, like Prince Akeem
But ain’t looking for no queen, (nah)
Came to get my c.r.e.a.m. (yup)
City on my back, I just lift my wings, I’m fly
You niggas on my dick, why lie?
Thought them niggas from the south couldn’t spit, voilà
I’m here. humble out of respect, not fear
So please be clear, nigga please beware
I’m a motherfucking monster, B.S. me? (Nah)
No, my hand game like fucking PSP
Now pop the champagne, money is coming soon
My dick do the damn thing, honey it’s cumming soon
She jerking, bend her over, now she hurting
Living reckless got me thinking of death, look how she flirting
Well, fuck that bitch, man a nigga tryna breathe (Yeah)
Some of these niggas be tryna dick her down and leave
Rest in peace, y'all boys living too fast
Caught up in the cash, and got shot up in a flash
Ville niggas don’t play
When it comes to that money, think real niggas won’t spray?
Mid-day when it’s sunny, they kill niggas broad day
On some old new jack shit
This rap shit is like tag nigga you not it, so run
You might also like
Ha ha ah
I’m the man, ha ha ha, yeah, hey
I’m the man
I’m the man, (I told y'all niggas)
I’m the man

Yeah, uh
They say I act like I’m the man, 'cause motherfucker I am
Niggas study my style, I should be giving exams
Damn boy I'm so flamboyant with the ensemble
Polo jacket, polo tee, what a fine combo
And I’m the man, now understand a nigga bossin’ (Yeah)
Scheming on that drop top CL but it’s costing (Yeah)
Long term plans for the fam, we’ll be golfing
Never catch a nigga double-crossing, unless i’m flossing (Woo)
In the streets niggas peaceful until you force em'
To quarter back them bullet passes, you could Randy Moss ‘em
Goddamn you niggas got handled
Niggas only publishing, my style got sampled
So I switched like a thick bitch with some heels on
I seen a nigga get popped, I feel for ‘em
I know who did it, but you think I’m finna squeal on him?
Shout out to R.J. Hill I would kill for him
That’s word, nigga observe my genius
E&J sipping got a nigga straight leaning
My DNA dripping while your girl stay drinking (Haha)
I told y’all I’m the man, what the fuck y'all niggas thinking?
Ha ha ah
I’m the man, ha ha ha, yeah, hey
I’m the man
I’m the man, (I told y'all niggas)
I’m the man

Yea
First and foremost, Fayettenam what’s good?
Carolina, what up? Bull city, Raleigh, Charlotte, Salem
Greensboro, Wilmington, nigga
Everywhere dog, I’m reppin' from long distance, man
I told y’all boy, I’m bout to get this money and come home right quick
Y’all niggas still see me tho, you think I’m still there; you ain’t even know I’m gone
Back so much, nigga
I hear you all little niggas talking, nigga
Prince of the city, nigga
Prince of the south, nigga, holla at me
Ya know? Heir to the throne, bitch7Embed


Track: School Daze

Lyrics:
47 ContributorsSchool Daze Lyrics
Yeah...
Take y'all back... to them school days, yeah
Fayettenam, what up, man?

We came a long way from stick and move
Niggas skipping school, just to scrap over bullshit
Nigga if you lose, it's a wrap, them hoes clowning
It goes down in the lunch room
I'm tryna spit this game nigga, fuck food
Bust moves to the hallway
My niggas posted on the wall, always
Ain't thinking about class, dog, my ass tryna parle
If we had this shit our way
We be standing here all day
But look the principal's coming, give pounds then we all escape
All late to class with fake passes
Living life in the fast lane, but ain't passing
They dreaming, tryna be the next Jay-Z and Dame Dashes
I ain't even open my book and it's time to change classes
Walk straight past my ex and don't speak
It's all good, I'll probably have a new ex by next week
I just think, the shit we did was silly, yo, I know that
But what I wouldn't give to go back
You might also like
Yeah, back in the days when I was young, I'm not a kid anymore
But some days I sit and wish I was a kid again
Yeah, I sit and wish I was a kid again
Yeah, I sit and wish

Yo
I walk another nigga girl to her class with my hand on her ass
If he say 'what up' later, I just laugh
Real sneaky, yo, gotta keep it low up in math
Let my nigga read this real freaky note Kiki wrote, yeah
Hooping up in P.E. you can't see me on this gym flo' (No)
But damn Vanessa booty looking sick up in them gym shorts
Uh, we bag 'em up, y'all niggas gonna have to wait
So they passing hate like, 'Damn I can't wait 'til they graduate.'
But some of my niggas will probably never make it
The S.A.T. shit man I doubt they ever take it, 'cause
Instead of tryna send a nigga to a tutor
Them guidance counselors tryna introduce us to recruiters, it's a set-up
Momma cut the light on, time to get up
Make sure the shirt matching the forces then I head out
At the time I thought this shit was so whack
But what I wouldn't give to go back
Yeah, hey
Yeah, back in the days when I was young, I'm not a kid anymore
But some days I sit and wish I was a kid again
Yeah, I sit and wish I was a kid again
Yeah, I sit and wish

I'm a little grown, but still reminisce
Close your eyes nigga, you remember this?
Friday night football game, something I'll forever miss
After parties in the gym, grinding underneath the rim
You forgot your school I.D? Fuck, nigga, you ain't gettin' in
In the hallways acting like some hoodlums
See that scrap? Naw, damn I always miss the good ones
Them rumors spreading fast with that he say she say
Twenty people on the phone 'cause everybody did three-way
Man we played them girls for the fools, but
Wasn't no ladies like them ladies from other schools
'Cause seeing them same old chicks got tired quick
She was just fucking my boy, now she all on my dick, gossip, damn
Another chick pregnant, another nigga gone
I reminisce on all the chicks a nigga never bone
Pardon me y'all I'm just flipping through some Kodaks
Sitting, wishing I could go back

Yeah, back in the days when I was young, I'm not a kid anymore
But some days I sit and wish I was a kid again
Yeah, I sit and wish I was a kid again
Yeah, I sit and wish
Yeah, this shit is dedicated to all my niggas man
R.J., Mike Shaw, Jim Brown, yeah
B. Nasty, Big Joe, Smitty, what's good? Yeah
Terry Sanford High School, E. Smith
Class of 2003, that's me
I know y'all remember this6Embed


Track: Dolla and A Dream

Lyrics:
35 ContributorsDolla and A Dream Lyrics
Yeah, uh
This for all my ville niggas man
All my Carolina niggas man (The lights off and shit)
All my real niggas, no matter where you come from and shit
(We gon' call this shit right here "A Dolla And A Dream")

A dolla and a dream, that's all a nigga got, so (Yeah)
If it's about that cream, then I'm all up in the spot
I was raised in the F-A-Y, a nigga never gave me nothing
Pops left me, I ain't never cry, baby, fuck him, that's life
And trust me I'm living, look what a nigga made out
The shit that I was given, look what a nigga came out
Momma sewing patches on my holes
Man, our hoes couldn't put this flame out
Straight up, I got my back against the brick wall (Yeah)
I'm from a world where niggas never pop no Cristal, it was pistols
You pass through, you better pray them bullets miss y'all
I thank the Lord, He let a nigga make it this far
A lot niggas don't, a lot of moms weep (Yeah)
I gotta carry on, all the weight is on me
You never know when a nigga might try to harm me
Rest In Peace that nigga John Lee, I pour liquor, homie
It's foul, but yo the world keeps spinning
Gotta keep winning, get up off this cheap linen
Nigga I'mma eat, even if it means sinning
Niggas want beef, I'ma sink my teeth in 'em
Pause, I go harder (Yeah), I am all about a dollar (Yeah)
You niggas street smart? I'm a motherfucking scholar
So trust me, I ain't stopping 'til my money is long
So much dough, them hoes will think I'm rocking money cologne
Have a model at the crib waiting, "Honey, I'm home"
Cooking greens for a nigga, give him plenty of dome
It's funny, we dream about money so much it's like we almost got it
Until we reach up in our pockets (Damn)
It's time to face reality (Yeah), the ville is a trap nigga now
And if you ain't focused you gonna be here for a while, yeah
My nigga Mike rolling with me, riding shotgun
Type a nigga know about every car, but don't got one
That's hunger, no wonder niggas fucking with the evils
Posted on the corner, selling crack like its legal
But who am I to judge how a nigga get his paper?
This money coming soon, dog, I'm tryna get my cake up
I guess I gotta wake up these niggas myself (Uh-huh)
An E&J sipper, but my shit is top shelf
Young J (Uh), the rawest shit you niggas ever heard of (Yeah)
A journalist nigga, call me the Fayetteville Observer (Uh, yeah)
You might also like
Yeah
You know the routine, man
Fayettnam
Real niggas can relate
And Ville niggas can relate, man
My niggas know about the struggle, man
What you know about your momma sewing patches on your holes, nigga?
I had the light blue jeans with the green patches, haha, oh shit
I was in like first grade man, I swear
It was like the Sixes came out, the Jordan Sixes
Them shit was so fly man, I wanted them so bad
Darryl what up man?
My nigga Darryl had them shits on in class yo
I wanted that shit so bad
I begged my mom for that shit, you know
But she couldn't afford it, yo, she gave me
Got me some Reeboks Blacktops, ahaha
But that was all good tho, cuz uh
The year after that I had, I had some, some no name shits
Some all black shits, haha
Them shits had metal, metal shoelace buckles and shit, you know?
But you know back then niggas didn't
Niggas ain't even know we was broke man, no worries and shit
But uh, times have changed man, I got bills
My mom is in debt, what you know about that?
College loans and shit, nigga
Gotta get this money, ma6Embed


Track: Throw It Up

Lyrics:
27 ContributorsThrow It Up Lyrics
Yeah yeah, uh yeah
Yeah yeah
Carolina, nigga
Fayettenam, nigga
Yeah

This is for them street niggas to them deep niggas
Them politics, them geek niggas
To them freak bitches that swallow dick, it's real
Or them sheep niggas in Prada shit and still
Even them bleak niggas without a cent could feel
I never sleep nigga, I gotta get them mills
I never cheat nigga, my heart is with the Ville
When niggas greet niggas with hollow tips, but chill
You'll never reach nigga, I got an itch to kill
Word, a nigga bringing heat to the third
My shit in every street, like the curb
So bitches wanna meet 'cause I'm deep with my words
So them niggas wanna peep like a perv
But peep game
Before they start saying "he changed"
A real nigga can never forget where he came
So if I'm up in Carolina kicking deep game
Or if I'm riding through Queens like the E-train
I throw it up!
Yeah
You might also like
If you a down south nigga, throw it up, (and)
If you an east coast nigga, throw it up, (yeah)
If you a west coast nigga, throw it up, (ay)
If you a midwest nigga, throw it up, (ay)
If you a Fayettenam nigga, throw it up, (yeah)
If you a ATL nigga, throw it up
New York to L.A. niggas, throw it up
Yeah, Chi-town throw it up (yeah)

As you niggas smoking more kush
South niggas run you niggas, ask George Bush
Ask Bill Clinton, a nigga Will Smithin'
My jeans a lil less baggy, money still fittin.'
The streets a lil less rowdy, but they still kickin'
Them Randy Johnson O.G. niggas still pitchin'
And yeah, I know she got a man, but I'm still hittin'
So when he be up in that shit, he be like 'This feels different, "
No shit, throw dick like the veteran I am
I got that vitamin D, it's like medicine to them
I got her climaxing like it's never finna end
That's why she fucking me a lot better than her man
She try a new trick, she so wet a nigga swam
Like a salmon in this bitch, my dick drowning in that shit
They love a fly nigga on that frisbee shit
Plus a nigga get Gs like them Disney flicks
I throw it up!
Yea
If you a down south nigga, throw it up, (and)
If you an east coast nigga, throw it up, (yeah)
If you a west coast nigga, throw it up, (ay)
If you a mid-west nigga, throw it up, (ay)
If you a Fayettenam nigga, throw it up, (yeah)
If you a ATL nigga, throw it up
New York to L.A. niggas, throw it up
Yeah, Chi-town throw it up (yeah)

Real niggas want the money, so that's where my aim is
Ho niggas love the attention, wanna be famous
Real niggas fuck the attention, they know it's dangerous
Rather make a mil' and nobody know what my name is, (uh)
But that's the price when you nice with it
And them ladies gonna like 'cause you light-skinned
I take advantage of the situation
I'm hitting dimes from Atlanta up to Pennsylvania
They catch feelings and I switch next
"I made it clear baby, just sex
I'm too young to settle down, shorty get dressed! "
Even them white girls tryna be my princess
But I only fuck with sisters like incest
I've been stressed, I'm so in-depth
I get this weight up off my chest like a bench-press
I sense death in the air, but it's nothing for me
Some niggas better be aware or meet the cousin of sleep, get it?
You slow niggas still ain't felt that shit
How she gonna upgrade me dog? I built that chick
Rapping's a cash cow, finna milk that bitch
You better hit up homicide, I just killed that shit, boy!
Throw it up nigga!
Throw throw it, throw it up!
Yeah!4Embed


Track: Quote Me

Lyrics:
27 ContributorsQuote Me Lyrics
J. Cole
Haha uh
Yeah, uh
Yeah, Yo
Bear with a nigga man
Gotta a little head cold, ya know?
I'll still kill it nigga
Show y'all niggas how it do
Real Quick

Uh You know what they say;
The window to the soul is in the eyes
So disrespect a nigga, I will close a nigga blinds
Yeah who can hold us? Super focused
Shoot them hoes with the Super Soakers
I got 'em so wet
Fuck that Moet, I'm Hennessy drinking
Wonder what my enemies' thinking
Nervous? nigga, please
I'm finna be caking with dough-
So much bread, its like a nigga be baking
Watch so cold, it's like the shit will need blankets
Money coming soon, tell my niggas be patient
We gonna replace those whips with some sicker ones
We gonna erase them chicks for some thicker ones
Hit and run, bigger funds
But still can't forget to pour liquor
As I reminisce on them niggas that couldn't come
Rest in peace, can't control another man's destiny
So I do what's best for me
I know you fake niggas well, ain't no test to me
On my plate is a meal, ain't no recipe for that
So nigga chill or the tec will speak, "Blaaat!"
Them niggas will put you chest to feet
I'm talking reckless
What you expect nigga, I'm flexing
Y'all dyslexic, got a nigga twisted
Never shot a nigga, I don't gotta get convicted
'Cause if I say the word, your whole squad is getting lifted
What up then? Niggas ain't saying nothing? Shut up then!
Wouldn't last a minute in the city I grew up in
Where I got my swag, cool as the breeze is
Chip on my shoulder, I walk like I'm Jesus
About that paper, we could give a fuck if you believe us
Looking for model divas that barely speak English
Fuck 'em while we rich, 'cause when we broke, they gonna leave us
We earn stripes, looking like zebras
Y'all looking like Adidas
We do it for the streets, cuz they need us
Got beef? Come meet us
Ok I thought so
Y'all niggas are so mad cuz I floss so bad on bitches
And with this stroke, I'm Picasso
Make her stomach feel the fossil
Now she yelling out God so much thought I had her singing gospel
Shit, shout out to my apostles
Ya know me
Nicest nigga in the south
Yea you can quote me!
You might also like
Wooo Shit!
Haha
Ooooh Shit, mother fucker!
Hahaha
Oohh Shit
And I'm sick bitch, holla at me!
You know!
Fuck boy!!2Embed


Track: College Boy

Lyrics:
42 ContributorsCollege Boy Lyrics

It's hard to picture a nigga not getting money
J. Cole living bummy? Hahaha that shit is funny
I’m focused on that cash, I just laugh at them bastards
Eligible bachelor, finna get my Bachelor’s
And if this rap shit don’t work, I’m going for my Master’s
Still scouting hoes on the first day of classes
Keep up with the asses, keep up with the grades
A nigga straight A’s like the Braves
She got me in her dorm room, talking 'bout her room ain’t clean
And she wanna fuck, but wait until her roommate leave
Now I could give a damn if her roommate seen
'Cause if the girl get excited, she’s invited (haha)

If it's alright with you, yea, shit, then it's alright with me
If it's alright with you baby girl, then it's alright with me (uh)
And if it's alright with you shawty, then it's alright with me
Hey, and if it's alright with you, (yea, yea) then shit, it's alright with me

Yeah, uh, I hate to brag, well nah I don’t, the big man on campus
I gotta chick in every class that give a nigga glances
And if your ass is dumb you won’t even get a chance
'Cause I gotta chick in every class that give a nigga answers, yea
And if I hit ya shorty, keep it on the low
This shit just like high school, the people wanna know
I see you haters mad, but I ain’t mad at y’all niggas
We get ass like them basketball niggas, I’m ballin’
Got a Sidekick so them hoes don’t be callin’
Hit me on AIM, ay what’s your screen name?
When I start typing in, a nigga’s got some mean game, yea
And when I whip it out, shit she gonna think she seeing things, but
Back in Carolina I miss home badly (yeah)
It’s funny hoes I couldn’t have is tryna bag me
But I’m in the G with this freaky-ass Aggie
She said she want it from the back, gladly
You might also like
If it's alright with you, yea, shit, then it's alright with me
If it's alright with you baby girl, then it's alright with me (uh)
And if it's alright with you shawty, then it's alright with me
Hey and if it's alright with you, (yea, yea) then shit, it's alright with me

I’m skipping class just to get some ass, living fast
In college but don't sleep, nigga, my jab quick as Zab's
So kill that old college gangsta shit we don't believe
You mad 'cause your girl on Facebook poking me, so uh
You know the G, I hit her up like “Hello Elle
I see you looking right the other day, LOL
So, what’s good with you?”
She hit me right back like “Shit, what’s good with you?”
You know I like that, so of course I write back
Hit her with some nice chat
Same night she in my room, lights off I strike that
Yeah I put game right, but that’s your wife, nigga take her
I bust then I kick her ass out to write a paper, yea (hahaha)
A nigga doing homework, drinking like a fish
It ain’t a weekend that I’m sober
Fighting hangovers on my way to my internship
And I forgot to study for my midterm, shit!

Hahahaha, wooo!
Ay, this is straight through, nigga
No, no fucking, no double takes
This is straight through the whole shit nigga
Check it out man, tryna tell y’all niggas man
College is a good look
A real good look, my nigga
For more reasons than one, man
Know they try to keep us out of that shit though
That shit like extra expensive
I got scholarships though, so you know I’m not sweating that
I feel for my niggas that couldn’t make it man
Ay Mike we in there baby, haha
Ay they can’t, they can’t keep us out the G my nigga, you know
Then we all make it, nah, we ain’t all make it
Shout out to my niggas, man
All my niggas, yo
Whether you graduated or not
Whether you made it to college or not, nigga
Fayettenam, yeah, yeah
Class of 2007 man
Holla at me
I’m going to grad school though, you know?6Embed


Track: Split You Up

Lyrics:
19 ContributorsSplit You Up Lyrics
Yeah, hahaha
Yeah, uh
Yeah, uh
Real niggas can relate, yeah
Hahaha, Ville niggas can relate, man
Yeah, yeah, uh

I see you looking at me hard shawty, what it's gonna be?
But you right next to your man, don't let him run up on me
'Cause I see him tryna grill, better take his ass home
Before I lay his ass out, then I take your ass home
I even gon' front man, a nigga tryna cut
I ain't tryna take his place, I just want to hit you up
When that nigga ain't around I just want to pick you up
Bring you back to the crib, sip a little liquor up
Then I give you a massage, get you wet, get you up
Then I give you what you want, if it's clean I lick it up
Now you can do me, if it's right my shit is up
Face down on your stomach, take that ass and lift it up

Then I do my thang, now shawty listen up
Yeah, your pussy do bang, got no problem hooking up
Just remember why I call ya, and why we getting up
I ain't tryna be ya man, I ain't tryna split you up
'Cause I do my thang, now shawty listen up
Yeah, your pussy do bang, got no problem hooking up
Just remember why I call ya, and why we getting up
I ain't tryna be ya man, I ain't tryna split you up
You might also like
I be that nigga on the side when you feel you want to creep
When you in the bed alone while ya man run the street
All you got to do is dial, let the phone ring twice
Baby girl I love your style, I won't even think twice
I ain't even gonna front, man a nigga tryna beat
I ain't tryna wife you up, though you is a dime piece
I just love the way you ride like a certified freak
How you throw it right back, got a niggas thighs weak
So just hit me when you want it, you know how to find me
Got no times for no games, you know how the grind be
But-I'm a make the time if you bout' it dial me
I'm a make you say my name like a caller ID

Then I do my thang, now shawty listen up
Yeah, your pussy do bang, got no problem hooking up
Just remember why I call ya, and why we getting up
I ain't tryna be ya man, I ain't tryna split you up
'Cause I do my thang, now shawty listen up
Yeah, your pussy do bang, got no problem hooking up
Just remember why I call ya, and why we getting up
I ain't tryna be ya man, I ain't tryna split you up

Give you money to get ya hair did (he can do that)
Pay for dinner and a movie (yea he can do that)
Work you out in the bed (maybe he can do that)
But I know you much rather call me to do that
And girl I'm with it! Haha, yeah
I'm so with it, baby girl I'm so with it
So let me hit it!
Then I do my thang, now shawty listen up
Yeah, your pussy do bang, got no problem hooking up
Just remember why I call ya, and why we getting up
I ain't tryna be ya man, I ain't tryna split you up
'Cause I do my thang, now shawty listen up
Yeah, your pussy do bang, got no problem hooking up
Just remember why I call ya, and why we getting up
I ain't tryna be ya man, I ain't tryna split you up4Embed


Track: Plain (Skit)

Lyrics:
NULL


Track: The Come Up

Lyrics:
33 ContributorsThe Come Up Lyrics
I'm on The Come Up
Chill nigga, don't run up
A yellow nigga, finna rise and shine like the sun up
My mind on that paper, I ain't trying to wife the slut up
I'm dying for this cake and I ain't trying to wipe a crumb up
They ride with the gun up, kill you and light the blunt up
Uh, don't shed a tear if a nigga might get done up
But, just say a prayer if a nigga might confront us
'Cause his life is summed up, the medics wipe his lungs up
You coming to the 'Ville? You need to get a license from us
City on my back, I feel like I'm holding Big Pun up
No pain no gain, my nigga, I just numb up
I blow brains, Cobain a nigga if he jump up
With no shame, don't blame a nigga if you shot up
This is cocaine on flame, baking soda and water
And if you feel that then I guess I sell crack, get it?
Fall back, man, a nigga feeling crazy
Shitting on niggas like a nigga was still a baby
Carolina nigga shout-out to the 'Ville that raised me
So many hoes whipped, you would've thought we still in slavery
And niggas still sleepin' they feelin' lazy
Uh, a killer maybe, you make me I will
Cheat me on my scrilla, I send you to meet Dilla
From them NC streets where the beef they deliver
And the clip is on E 'cause your chest got a fill up
While a nigga like me is just getting head like a pillow
Bread like gorillas getting bred
So long as my momma and my niggas getting fed
Fuck what a nigga said, man, I'm Fayettenam bombing
'Cause hatred is flattery you bitch niggas is charmin'
Who the fuck you harmin'? Boy, ya'll niggas is charmin'
And I'm armed and waiting for a target
You fucking with the best like Carmen
Aw shit, pardon a nigga for departing
I'm just getting green like a yard or a garden
A nigga finna blow while you niggas is false alarmin'
And just think, man, I was raised on ramen
Chicken noodle soup, now I'm filet mignon-in'
I promised my momma I was coming to make this money
And I swear I'm going to kill the nigga that try to take it from me
You might also like
Yeah, that's real talk, nigga
It's J. Cole, nigga
Therapist whatever the fuck you wanna call him, it don't matter
You know, I'll make y'all niggas understand man
I know you can't believe yourself right now
You thinkin' this niggas from the south, hahaha
He can't spit, how the fuck is he so good?
Open your eyes motherfucker, can you see? Niggas on top
Yup, we on top7Embed


Track: Mighty Crazy

Lyrics:
21 ContributorsMighty Crazy Lyrics
You niggas gotta be outta your rabbit ass mind
A savage over this cabbage
You really think I'm finna let your faggot ass shine? (No)
Whipping niggas like big body Cadillacs
I'm on my grind, yo, bonafide honcho
I could see through you niggas with cataracts, blindfolds
Matter of fact, I'm so bomb, niggas scatter that
Niggas that, Niggas so rat, Niggas better act pronto
My whole state in a reign, better pack ponchos, y'all know
Shit is real in the ville, you could die slow or quick
Survival's a bitch
But everybody don't meet her, so tuck the nine yo
Wherever y'all roll, niggas allergic to 5-0
God knows I don't put up no facade, no
No fraud, niggas scheming like Sideshow Bob
Keep my eyes so wide, nothing otherwise
Disrespect me, you could watch your mother sigh
From the other side, punk-ass nigga
Jump and get lumped fast, throw you in the trunk
Blast pop while I pump gas
Skunk ass niggas is trash, you need a sponge bath
My niggas will ride all day like a fun pass
That's some New York shit, I'm from the south, though
Don't never disrespect me out yo mouth, ho
I got major clout though, y'all niggas dissin' me is doubtful
You talk shit? Watch your life fade like the outroYou might also like3Embed


Track: Dead Presidents

Lyrics:
42 ContributorsDead Presidents Lyrics
Let me try this
Uh, Yeah
Money coming soon
I'm out for Presidents to represent me
Omen what up nigga?
Yea niggaaaa, yea, uh

Gimmie my money, man, why else would a nigga be grinding? (Right)
Out for them diamonds, dog, how else could a nigga be shining? (True)
I'm glowing, knowing that the flow intact
Get this record deal, I swear to God, my first 'mil I'm blowing that (haha)
Like fuck it, I know I'll grow it back, shit, it's nothing
Funny how blacks they spend dough on mad shit for stuntin' (yea)
But shit, that's all we know man, thats how a niggas raised (true)
You learn bout two things: getting pussy, getting paid (uh)
And you should be gettin' laid by the time you in ninth grade
So niggas lying on they dick and hoes giving nice brain, yea
In class dreamin' bout having these nice things (uh)
And then you look around and wonder why you strugglin' but them whites ain't? (Hmmm)
I brush it off like, "fuck it, it's motivation" (yeah)
Some niggas gotta walk through life, some niggas roller skating
Some niggas bypassing steps, some niggas chose to take 'em (yeah)
And for that fortune, man, some niggas sold their soul to Satan
But fuck it man, I ain't hatin,' I gotta go for mines
My little godsister pregnant now, I put in overtime
On my grind, yeah, just like the nigga making Folgers
I'm focused, on my bite, like a cobra, I'm tryna get my Oprah on
These hoes is crying cuz I won't pay 'em attention (nah)
Time is money, bitch, and a nigga payin tuition (aha)
Real niggas hustle by using their intuition (yup)
While these fake niggas ain't about doing, they into wishin'
You might also like
Yeah
Uh
I'm out for Presidents to represent me
I'm talking Benjamins, nigga
Grants nigga
From Washingtons, man
Tired of those
Yeah!

Till I'm rich, ain't no reason to settle, nigga
Its greed that make a nigga wink at the devil to get that cheese
You niggas couldn't think at my level, even with trees
You couldn't get this deep with a shovel, now nigga, please
I'm chasing G's tryna throw some diamonds on them freeze
Sick shit, sneeze on some thousand-dollar sleeves
Ease to the top and I'm not finna leave till I'm hot
But my watch gotta breeze, a south nigga
Boy, I'm shining without the diamonds in my mouth
Out grindin' while you reclining on your couch
I'm climbing, you haters blinded by the doubt
My niggas riding is devout, so talking violence out yo' mouth
And you gonna find what I'm about, nigga!
Far from a slouch, nigga, I ain't gonna parlé with y’all
I’ll probably hit ya, my hand game like Bobby Fisher
But check, them checks is all a nigga thinking
For them Presidents, I’ll treat a nigga like Lincoln
BLOW!5Embed


Track: Lil Ghetto Nigga

Lyrics:
33 ContributorsLil Ghetto Nigga Lyrics
Yeah, uh
Uh, yea
Yea, uh
Fayettenam, nigga
Hahaah uh
Carolina, nigga
Yeah, Yea, let's bring it in
Yea, this is for my niggas in the struggle
Yea, this is for my niggas in the struggle
Uh, uh, uh
Nothing but sweat, tears
Just another perspective
Yeah

Yo, uh
Lifestyles of the young, black, and genius
Sons strapped with guns packed in jeans
And the blunts got my lungs black as Jesus, (yea)
Play where killers hung at and slung crack for leisure
And tell a nigga run that, get gun clapped for sneakers
Young niggas emulate what's coming out the speakers
So everything we learn came from rappers, not teachers
'Cause if we can't relate, then how the hell you gonna reach us?
Surrounded by crooked cops and preachers (yeah)
Who am I trusting?
No time to think about illegal when your stomachs touching
By any means, nigga, even if the gun is busting
I see the world for what it is now
I see the odds is looking slim for our kids now
'Cause, uh, it wasn't set up for my people to rise, (yea)
My niggas slang, but I see the pain deep in they eyes
Niggas living like they don't give a fuck
And I don't blame 'em, it's a cold world, live it up! (live it up)
You might also like
The things that I've seen (seen)
The dreams that I dream (dream)
The rain in my sky
The pain in my eyes
But know that it gets better baby
Hope that it gets better baby
Don't let this world break you (you) nah, nah
Don't let them break you (you)

Yeah, uh
I look up in the sky, see that ghetto bird circling
And rollers on the block, my niggas on the curb, cursing them (fuck)
Another day in the Ville, do I stay in and chill? (no)
Or go play in the field?
Help my mother paying these bills, you tell me, nigga!
We young, black, some strapped
Them whites got they lunch pack for school, we had our guns packed
And all a nigga wanna do is take his momma from that
But they'd rather lock us up and make sure we don't come back
You kill a nigga over beef and cheddar? Even better
Just one less coon they won't have to arrest soon
Fuck a crooked cop three times
Bitch, I'm getting cake and ain't a nigga finna eat mine
That's why a nigga looking like a street sign (yeah)
Posted on the corner 'til it's sleep time
Wake up and it's feeling like somebody hit the rewind (why?)
'Cause them ghetto birds circulate, my niggas still cursin em
Another day in the city, my niggas say it with me, yeah
The things that I've seen (seen)
The dreams that I dream (dream)
The rain in my sky
The pain in my eyes
But know that it gets better baby
Hope that it get better baby
Don't let this world break you (you) naw, naw
Don't let them break you (you)9Embed


Track: Homecoming

Lyrics:
25 ContributorsHomecoming Lyrics
Uh, yeah
Uh, uh-huh
Yeah

I'm I-95 cruising, the sun in my eyes
Headed south, dog, my mom ain't seen her son in awhile
Yeah, I sure live
Can't wait to see my niggas and fuck with my old chicks
Can't wait to cruise the city, be catching them cold grins
Same niggas, same place, doing the same old shit
Yeah, so nigga watch it
A nigga been in NY tryna get some bigger pockets
You still up in the 'Ville, tryna make it in the trap
I'm finna put us on the map, I told you I was coming back, cuz
Yeah, so make way
The prince of the city, ain't a street that I can't stay
You niggas is hatin', just be happy I ain't change
Blunts rolled to the murk, we all want the same thing
And that's money to feed us, yup
We pray to God, but, we ain't tryna meet him yet, haha
Yeah, If I never
Nigga, man
Actually that is a bad idea, my nigga
'Cause, uh, nah nah nah
Now I'ma always come home, it's where a nigga was grown
Where a nigga was shown how to scrap (yup)
Shown how to mack (yup)
Where my niggas sold a whole lot of crack (yup)
Juggling them hoes, there was a whole lot of that (yup)
Momma work to the bone, puttin' clothes on my back
I'm comin' home to give everything I owe to her back (yes)
Yeah, I swear they say, man
Yeah, yeah
You might also like
Shout to the whole 'Ville!
Of course, so real!
Uh, If I never- if I never went home again
"Hello? Chill out nigga, what's up, boy?
Yeah, I just touched down man
I'm over off Ramsey and shit
Aight, well look
I'm about to go check out my mom's man
What's jumping for tonight?
Oh the Live? I'm in there, nigga1Embed


Track: Carolina On My Mind (Ft. Deacon (Singer))

Lyrics:
32 ContributorsCarolina On My Mind Lyrics
Yea Yea, uh
It's Carolina, nigga
Yeah
Ay
Fayettenam
Yeah!

Listen, alive and still kickin nigga
I survived the 'Ville
But a lot will not, so they wield Glocks and Bonnevilles
Niggas lying, still get high, they ride and kill
Money hungry, tryna find a meal
Can't stay inside and chill
Little niggas thinking "fuck school, I'm finna sign a deal"
Hunting hoes, trapping niggas
Lying like they on the pill
Preachers say we blessed
But all we feel is stressed, tryna deal
If this liquor don't help, nigga, this marijuana will
Roll up, I take a shot for them niggas behind the steel gates
My mind is still racing, I'm tryna kill snakes
'Cause niggas is fake, but wait, time reveals so
Nevermind, that real shit is what I am tryna build
It's kinda ill how I'm giving y'all that Carolina feel
A nigga so deep, you tryna find me dawg, you gotta drill
It's kinda ill how I'm giving y'all that Carolina feel
A nigga so deep, you tryna find me dawg, you gotta drill
Yeah
You might also like
Yo, Coming home, y'all
Listen
At any given time, got the city on my mind
The city on my mind
The city on my mind
I'm riding round feeling like the city, it is mine
The city, it is mine
The city, it is mine
At any given time, Carolina on my mind
Carolina on my mind
Carolina on my mind
Said "I feel ya pain nigga, but I'm tryna go for mine,"
I'm tryna go for mine
I'm tryna go for mine

Hey
Ay, fuck them hoes, let them bunnies be
Perfect vision I'm 20/20 for this money, G
See it's funny, you get that paper, then them honeys show
'Cause they know we finna blow, like a runny nose
Money goes, the money come
Barely twenty-one, I'm thinking big things
Momma in the mansion with the fish tanks
The Carolina way
If you in college then you know the crime won't pay
Lest you find a way, fuck what them niggas is tryna say
'Cause in Carolina, we thorough
My niggas hold it down all the way from Fayettenam to the G-boro
And up in Winston, and Raleigh, did I mention?
The Bull City got them ol' fake niggas flinchin'
Tar heels state, either you shooting or you hoopin' yo
Niggas can't wait for them Panthers to win the Superbowl
So shout out to them super cold niggas up in Charlotte
No matter the city, man, Carolina shine, regardless!
Yeah
Yo, coming home nigga!
Riding big in an ol' school Chevy
With the windows down when I'm rolling through my city, like
Ooh!
On my way to meet up with a freak and my nigga drunk beating
She can hear me down the street, she like 'Ooh!'
Blew game and I do my thing
Ain't tryna settle down, I ain't shopping for no ring
Oh no!
Riding with my niggas for the weekend
Carolina sounds pumping out the speakers, like
Ooh!3Embed


Track: Can't Cry

Lyrics:
49 ContributorsCan’t Cry Lyrics
Yeah
Need y’all niggas to feel me, yo
Feel my pain
Said soft niggas can’t last hard times, yo
Believe that shit
Yeah (yeah), aye (aye)
Real niggas don’t cry
Look, yo

Was just a youngin’ with that fresh fade
Bird chest, legs skinny
That hoop dreaming had me tryna be the next Penny
Fresh Pennys on my feet
Momma paid for everything I’m wearing
At the fair staring at girls, not a care in the world
Aw nigga, but shit done changed since Mane was my nickname
A little nigga chasing things, tryna kick game
Now I’m a man worried about my fam
Let me explain
It’s like my pockets stay broke, and if not them shit’s sprained
And so I rap for my niggas trapped in the struggle
You feeling like the world’s on your back so you stumble
In the field like a quarterback get sacked, then you fumble
Jobs don’t call a nigga back, so it’s back to the hustle
Niggas praying for they moms, the same time they moms pray for them
Ask the Lord to stay with them, guide them on they way
But damn a nigga been a lost faith
It hurts on the usual
The only time you catch me up at church is a funeral (damn)
You might also like
Sometimes sunshine turn to rain my nigga
The same ones you love will bring you pain, my nigga
I don’t know if I’ll see tomorrow
But I won’t cry, no, I can’t cry
And in this life, times getting hard my nigga
But fuck that, I’m aiming for the stars, my nigga
I won’t stop, try ‘til the day I die
And I won’t cry, no, I can’t cry, no
(ay, ay, ay, yea)
(listen, yo)

I sit back and watch the news every now and then
Either get depressed or mad from watching the world just crash
Even the weather’s bad
It be the same shit, got my brain twisted
Like, “Damn it’s ’06 and niggas still up on that gang shit?” (that shit old, dawg)
Yesterday this kid got his whole frame split
Only seventeen, he was finna graduate in like three weeks
Some stupid niggas got him for his chain
But he fought back, they blasted him and left him on the pavement, uh (rest in peace)
And now they telling me this little girl just got raped
Some dude snatched her, she was standing at the bus stop
Wait man, she was eleven!
What the fuck is up with this world?
Got these grown niggas fucking with girls?
Plus the cops harassing us
Every week be blasting us, on accident, or so they claim
Reporters sympathizing like they truly know the pain (right)
They killed her only son
Now she wanna blow her brains out
Change the channel man, I can’t watch this shit
Sometimes sunshine turn to rain my nigga
The same ones you love will bring you pain, my nigga
I don’t know if I’ll see tomorrow
And I won’t cry, no, I can’t cry
And in this life, times getting hard my nigga
But fuck that, I’m aiming for the stars, my nigga
I won’t stop, try ‘til the day I die
And I won’t cry, no, I can’t cry, no

Take a ride through the city man, tell me what you witness
Poverty, richness, crooked cops, and misfits
Violence, hatred, real devastation
Neighborhoods looking like there’s still segregation
Welfare, single mothers, no jobs
Tryna get a piece for yourself, but they hogging up the whole pie
Fiends in the street so high off of that crack shit
This nigga thirteen with a gat under his mattress (bang!)
White folks got the road to success mapped and that’s all good
But why don’t blacks got that same atlas?
I asked the same question a million ways
And it seems like I done prayed for a million days
But still the ills remain, just bills and pain
Shootouts in project buildings, children slain
Skies filled with rain and I just sit and wonder why
It's enough to make a nigga wanna cry, but I can’t though
Sometimes sunshine turn to rain my nigga
The same ones you love will bring you pain, my nigga
I don’t know if I’ll see tomorrow
And I won’t cry, no, I can’t cry
And in this life, times getting hard my nigga
But fuck that, I’m aiming for the stars, my nigga
I won’t stop, try ‘til the day I die
And I won’t cry, no, I can’t cry, no

Yeah, shit dedicated to my cousin Ricky man
Hoop dreams cut short man
Learned he had a baby on the way
Nigga wasn’t even a senior in high school
Hold your head man11Embed


Track: Goin Off

Lyrics:
13 ContributorsGoin Off Lyrics
Fuck it, aye
Do or Die, new arrival
Holla at my niggas
You survive you's alive, yo
Now either you follow me and ride, or you's a rival
The difference between you and I is you a model, you posing
But who am I though?
The mulatto out for that lotto
Money coming soon, the newest model
Your crew is hollow
The type of niggas gobble dick, chew and swallow
Your girl told me shoot in her face, she suicidal
Oh shucks, you niggas is closed, you fold up
I'm from the Ville, niggas get killed over four bucks
Thank God we made it, my niggas, we grown up
Now we crazy over that bread, call us the "dough-nuts" uh
More sluts once the money blows up
But them hoes stop if the dough drops
I won't stop though, a chip off the ole' block
I'm from a city where niggas hold Glocks
Leave you looking like old socks, damn
Cops patrol blocks, spotting on us
The boys is rotten, I know they want us
Probably arrest a nigga, get a bonus
You kill a nigga, get promoted
Shit is crazy, girls getting babies before they get diplomas
So much I just go nuts
Niggas telling me slow up
Never that
I'm tryna get where that cheddar at
Y'all don't hear me
Always somebody that don't want you getting cheese, yo
This whole bullshit is like Tom and Jerry
I'm kinda very raw, niggas can't deny facts
If you black they sending you to jail or Iraq
Honor is something you can't sell or buy back
Niggas don't like bragging, they 9-11 fly cats
Hijack niggas, "Get up out your whip nigga, strip!
I want it all- ice on your wrists and the kicks, "
This shit happens, I ain't just rapping, believe it yo
They got streets in the city police won't even go
Peep it though, uh
It ain't no secret, niggas beefing 'cause my ego so big
It got me speaking like I'm diesel, like I'm devil, oh
Niggas know my style though, I ain't tweaking, I am lethal though
Have your daddy looking for you
This ain't Finding Nemo though
Let me slow it down, dumb it down, y'all borin'
The son came up out that womb, yo, a star is born
If real recognize real, y'all are foreign
My team run a play on your bitch and we all scoring, yea!You might also like2Embed


Track: Rags to Riches (At The Beep)

Lyrics:
20 ContributorsRags to Riches (At The Beep) Lyrics
Your call has been forwarded to an automated voice messaging system
DJ OnPoint

Damn, broke as a bad joke
But still I laugh though, frontin' tryna have hope
It's sad though, I'm tired of being broke as shit
I'm seeing other niggas ball and I'm like 0 for 6
Ayy, man, I just graduated, good old college degree
Shit, my niggas drug dealing see more dollars than me
I know my calling, it's in my blood to do this music thing
Won't be that illest nigga that you never knew his name
I'm looking at these fake A&R's like, "You a lame
That boy a genius and you ain't even listen, man, you insane"
But you'll see though, just what the hell a nigga 'bout to be though
So give me one year then play this back like TiVo
'Cause boy I'm finna blow, I'm a motherfuckin' torpedo
The music's in my blood so watch these niggas turn mosquito, uh
I play the villain and the hero, some grow man shit
Feel like a goddamn kid, man I'm Pac and Big (What up?)
"Up" is something that I can't give
Won’t see me disappear like the old Aunt Viv'
'Cause even on a slow jam, I'm so damn sick
Man I even spread a virus to a program, quick
I gotta focus on my flow and get some dough, man, shit
No dollars got me actin' like I got no damn sense
But peace to my broham's and to my ex-lady
Yeah we been complicatin' things with the sex lately
Maybe I'm being selfish, but nah, I can't help it
'Cause girl we go back like a throwback Celtic, Jersey
Regardless of where God lead us
Just know that I was Martin and you was my Gina, uh
But I'm through living in the past, Lord
No more thinking rewind, I'm more fast forward
Less rear-view mirror and more dashboard
I'm visualizin' cash and stamps on a passport
That CLS with a full tank of gas for it
Cop my mom a whip, nigga, and she ain't even ask for it
Wise enough to know that money can't buy you happiness or lovers
But it's gon' get my mama out the struggle
Wise enough to know that money can't buy you happiness or lovers
But it's gon' get my mama out the struggle
Said I'm wise enough to know that money can't buy you happiness or lovers
But it's gon' get my mama out the struggle, nigga
I'd like to welcome ya'll to
My life, my life, my life, my life, in the sunshine... (Okay, in the sunshine)
Everybody loves the sunshine
This is the come up, nigga, uh, sunshine
You might also like
Ayo real quick man
Everybody loves the sunshine
Y'all be a part of this experience man, The Come Up
While we gettin' outta here, I just wanna give a few shout outs man
(Sunshine) First and foremost man, my fam man, my mother my brother man
(Folks get down in the sunshine) God nigga, yes God nigga
For real my brothers from another mothers man, RJ man
(Sunshine) Mike Shaw, what it is man, Dreamville all day, we not
(Folks get down in the sunshine) We callin’ that shit Fayettenam, nigga
But we also callin' that shit Dreamville
Nigga, you got a dream, you can get the fuck ‘bout outta yo situation, nigga
Shout out to By Any Mean, my nigga Ebro man
Them two nice niggas, man
All the way, all terrain music all day
(There’s trees and plants and flowers) It’s a beautiful life man
From Rags to Riches, watch me man
(There’s trees and plants and flowers) From Rags to Riches

Shout out to the whole North Carolina (Yeah)
(There’s trees and plants and flowers) (Uh, yeah)
You just experienced The Come Up
DJ OnPoint, J. Cole8Embed


Track: Get It

Lyrics:
34 ContributorsGet It Lyrics
Gotta get my groove back, you know?
It's been a little minute
Yeah
Yeah
Uh

Label me greedy, but see me finish what Petey started
From Carolina where niggas spray like graffiti artists
The south nigga, niggas used to think we retarded
And slow as hell, but well well, now we regarded as the niggas (yea)
I fuck with non rapping niggas, non clapping niggas
Niggas is real, y'all is action figures (Ha)
Ain't into acting bigger than I really am
Ain't no two ways around it, motherfucker I'm the man
Where the beef at?
Back in the days I ain't even go out for recess
A nigga don't play, man, I been living okay
Been up in Queens where they 'rid of those foes
And niggas GATs got bodies like video hoes
It's J.Cole, you not fucking with just any old flow
I'm like the '95 Penny, you like Penny '04
No disrespect to my favorite player
Niggas praying a nigga never see the day a nigga rich
So I'm slaying niggas, yeah
You might also like
This is for my niggas tryna make it
Watch out for them evil ass niggas tryna take it, uh
They love to see a nigga dead, up in jail
Living in a world where we set up to fail
But I'ma get it, nigga, I'm finna get it (Uh)
I'ma get it, nigga, I'm finna get it (Yeah)
I'ma get it, nigga, I'm finna get it (Yeah)
I'ma get it, nigga, I gotta get it

Yeah
Niggas in the streets know
Nigga bless beats, I got that priest flow, heavenly
You gonna cross over if he reach for the rock
Just a figure a speech for the Glock
From the Ville, where police know the heat flow a lot (Yeah)
Like a beach, yo, it’s hot, niggas laid out
Caught a fake nigga centerfield, it's 'cause they played out
Watch our boys fade out, niggas tryna hate
If he only knew my dick's in his dame mouth
Just made out, came out the woodworks
Now they tryna peep a nigga footwork
I'm getting real green, y'all niggas playing on some good turf
Fake money, scared money, never make money
And a nigga never fear nothing but God, fuck a facade, I'm just
Focused on stuffing my pockets up with them wads and shit
Hundred thousand dollar deposit shit
Been dreaming 'bout millions since a nigga was five or six
And so I strive, I'm the God, this some bible shit
Nigga I
Yeah
This is for my niggas tryna make it
Watch out for them evil ass niggas tryna take it, uh
They love to see a nigga dead, up in jail
Living in a world where we set up to fail
But I'ma get it, nigga, I'm finna get it (Uh)
I'ma get it, nigga, I'm finna get it (Yeah)
I'ma get it, nigga, I'm finna get it (Yeah)
I'ma get it, nigga, I gotta get it

Tell 'em visions Geppetto, my niggas in ghettos with Scarface dreams
On the block with the hard hate, that's all they seen
Niggas killing niggas in broad day on all they screens
Watching cops loving car chase scenes
Niggas arrested
Treat us like roaches, the prison's nigga infested
They hate to see the day we ain't slain, niggas invested
All created equal looks like equal to a less than
Depending on your race, or depending on your address, man
I've been blessed, was given less and but still progress, man
I hate to see the position my niggas left in
Sling dope or nigga you slave for minimum wage
Ashamed
But we living in the cage, so nigga get paid, shit
How could I tell a nigga not to hustle?
Yeah, it's a better life my nigga, but it's not for us though
Instead they wanted us to break, they never wanted us to make it (Yeah)
To my niggas: smarten up until we smart enough to take it, nigga2Embed


Track: I Do My Thing by Nervous Reck

Lyrics:
2 ContributorsJ. Cole  LyricsProjects:2007:• J. Cole - The Come Up Vol. 1: May 4th2009:• J. Cole - The Warm Up: June 15th2010:• J. Cole - Friday Night Lights: November 12th2011:• J. Cole - Any Given Sunday #1: July 31st
• J. Cole - Any Given Sunday #2: August 7th
• J. Cole - Any Given Sunday #5: September 4th
• J. Cole - Cole World: The Sideline Story: September 27th2013:• J. Cole - Truly Yours: February 12th
• J. Cole - Truly Yours 2: April 30th
• J. Cole - Born Sinner: June 18th2014:• Dreamville - Revenge of the Dreamers: January 28th
• J. Cole - 2014 Forеst Hills Drive: Decembеr 9th2015:• Dreamville - Revenge of the Dreamers II: December 8th2016:• J. Cole - Forest Hills Drive: Live from Fayetteville, NC: January 28th
• J. Cole - 4 Your Eyez Only: December 9th2018:• J. Cole - KOD: April 20th2019:• Dreamville - Revenge of the Dreamers III: July 5th2020:• Dreamville - Revenge of the Dreamers III: Director’s Cut: January 16th
• J. Cole - Lewis Street: July 22nd2021:• J. Cole - The Off-Season: May 14th2022:• Dreamville - D-Day: A Gangsta Grillz Mixtape: March 31st2023:• Dreamville - Creed III: The Soundtrack: March 3rdTracks:2007:• J. Cole - Intro (The Come Up Vol. 1): May 4th
• J. Cole - Simba: May 4th
• J. Cole - I'm the Man: May 4th
• J. Cole - School Daze: May 4th
• J. Cole - Dolla and A Dream: May 4th
• J. Cole - Throw It Up: May 4th
• J. Cole - Quote Me: May 4th
• J. Cole - College Boy: May 4th
• J. Cole - Split You Up: May 4th
• J. Cole - Plain (Skit): May 4th
• J. Cole - The Come Up: May 4th
• J. Cole - Mighty Crazy: May 4th
• J. Cole - Dead Presidents: May 4th
• J. Cole - Lil Ghetto Nigga: May 4th
• J. Cole - Homecoming: May 4th
• J. Cole - Carolina On My Mind ft. Deacon: May 4th
• J. Cole - Can't Cry: May 4th
• J. Cole - Goin Off: May 4th
• J. Cole - Rags to Riches (At The Beep): May 4th
• J. Cole - Get It: May 4th
• J. Cole - I Do My Thing ft. Nervous Reck: May 4th2009:• J. Cole - Shook Ones (Freestyle): June 10th
• J. Cole - Intro (The Warm Up): June 15th
• J. Cole - Welcome: June 15th
• J. Cole - Can I Live: June 15th
• J. Cole - Grown Simba: June 15th
• J. Cole - Just to Get By: June 15th
• J. Cole - Lights Please: June 15th
• J. Cole - Dead Presidents II: June 15th
• J. Cole - I Get Up: June 15th
• J. Cole - World is Empty: June 15th
• J. Cole - Dreams ft. Brandon Hines: June 15th
• J. Cole - Royal Flush: June 15th
• J. Cole - Dollar and a Dream II: June 15th
• J. Cole - Water Break (Interlude): June 15th
• J. Cole - Heartache: June 15th
• J. Cole - Get Away: June 15th
• J. Cole - Knock Knock: June 15th
• J. Cole - Ladies: June 15th
• J. Cole - Til’ Infinity: June 15th
• J. Cole - The Badness ft. Omen: June 15th
• J. Cole - Hold It Down: June 15th
• J. Cole - Last Call: June 15th
• J. Cole - Losing My Balance: June 15th
• Wale - Rather Be (Vagina Is For Lovers) ft. Curren$y & J. Cole: June 19th
• JAY-Z - A Star Is Born ft. J. Cole: September 8th
• Wale - Beautiful Bliss ft. Melanie Fiona & J. Cole: November 10th2010:• B.o.B - Gladiators ft. J. Cole: February 1st
• Reflection Eternal - Just Begun ft. Jay Electronica, J. Cole & Yasiin Bey: May 18th
• Young Chris - Still the Hottest ft. J. Cole: May 19th
• Miguel - All I Want Is You ft. J. Cole: May 25th
• J. Cole - Who Dat: May 31st
• Yo Gotti - Look In The Mirror (Remix) ft. Wiz Khalifa, J. Cole & Wale: September 29th
• Fashawn - Relaxation ft. J. Cole & Omen: October 4th
• Kanye West - Looking for Trouble ft. Pusha T, CyHi, Big Sean & J. Cole: November 5th
• J. Cole - Friday Night Lights (Intro): November 12th
• J. Cole - Too Deep for the Intro: November 12th
• J. Cole - Before I'm Gone: November 12th
• J. Cole - Back to the Topic (Freestyle): November 12th
• J. Cole - You Got It ft. Wale: November 12th
• J. Cole - Villematic: November 12th
• J. Cole - Enchanted ft. Omen: November 12th
• J. Cole - Blow Up: November 12th
• J. Cole - Higher: November 12th
• J. Cole - In the Morning ft. Drake: November 12th
• J. Cole - 2Face: November 12th
• J. Cole - The Autograph: November 12th
• J. Cole - Best Friend: November 12th
• J. Cole - Cost Me a Lot: November 12th
• J. Cole - Premeditated Murder: November 12th
• J. Cole - Home for the Holidays: November 12th
• J. Cole - Love Me Not: November 12th
• J. Cole - See World: November 12th
• J. Cole - Farewell: November 12th
• Sean Garrett - Feel Love ft. J. Cole: December 10th
• Keri Hilson - Buyou ft. J. Cole: December 17th2011:• Rihanna - S&M (J. Cole Remix) ft. J. Cole: January 18th
• Chip - Champion (Remix) ft. J. Cole & Chris Brown: February 5th
• J. Cole - Killers: March 15th
• J. Cole - Return Of Simba: May 23rd
• Wale - Fitted Cap ft. Meek Mill, Rick Ross & J. Cole: May 23rd
• J. Cole - Work Out: June 15th
• Wale - Bad Girls Club ft. J. Cole: July 14th
• J. Cole - Like a Star: July 31st
• J. Cole - Knock on Wood (Freestyle): July 31st
• J. Cole - Pity ft. Voli Contra & Omen: July 31st
• J. Cole - How High: July 31st
• J. Cole - Unabomber: July 31st
• J. Cole - Bring Em In: August 7th
• J. Cole - Roll Call: August 7th
• J. Cole - Be (Freestyle): August 7th
• Maejor - Trouble ft. J. Cole: August 11th
• Elle Varner - Only Wanna Give It To You ft. J. Cole: August 16th
• J. Cole - Can't Get Enough ft. Trey Songz: September 1st
• J. Cole - Heavy: September 4th
• J. Cole - Neverland: September 4th
• J. Cole - Who Datt Pt. 2 ft. Childish Gambino & SD: September 7th
• J. Cole - Breakdown: September 11th
• J. Cole - Mr. Nice Watch ft. JAY-Z: September 14th
• J. Cole - Intro: September 27th
• J. Cole - Dollar and a Dream III: September 27th
• J. Cole - Interlude (Cole World): September 27th
• J. Cole - Sideline Story: September 27th
• J. Cole - Cole World: September 27th
• J. Cole - Lost Ones: September 27th
• J. Cole - Never Told: September 27th
• J. Cole - Rise and Shine: September 27th
• J. Cole - God's Gift: September 27th
• J. Cole - Daddy's Little Girl: September 27th
• DJ Drama - Undercover ft. J. Cole & Chris Brown: October 11th
• Beyoncé - Party (Remix) ft. J. Cole: October 24th
• Omen - Mama Told Me ft. J. Cole: November 6th
• Elite - World Premiere ft. J. Cole: November 11th
• Red Cafe - Fly Together (Remix) ft. J. Cole, Wale & Trey Songz: December 9th
• Tinie Tempah - Like It Or Love It ft. Wretch 32 & J. Cole: December 16th2012:• Maejor - Trouble (Remix) ft. Nelly, Wale, T-Pain, Trey Songz & J. Cole: January 13th
• J. Cole - Nobody's Perfect ft. Missy Elliott: February 7th
• Tyga - Let It Show ft. J. Cole: February 21st
• J. Cole - Grew Up Fast: February 22nd
• J. Cole - Visionz of Home: March 2nd
• Melanie Fiona - This Time ft. J. Cole: March 20th
• J. Cole - The Cure: July 26th
• DJ Khaled - They Ready ft. J. Cole, Big K.R.I.T. & Kendrick Lamar: August 21st
• Rita Ora - Love and War ft. J. Cole: August 27th
• Trae tha Truth - I'm On 2.0 ft. Big K.R.I.T., J. Cole, Kendrick Lamar, Jadakiss, B.o.B, Gudda Gudda, Bun B, Tyga & Mark Morrison: August 29th
• Lil Wayne - Green Ranger ft. J. Cole: September 3rd
• Big Sean - 24k of Gold ft. J. Cole & Jhené Aiko: September 5th
• J. Cole - I'm a Fool: September 17th
• Kendrick Lamar - The Jig Is Up (Dump’n) ft. J. Cole: October 20th
• Selah Sue - Raggamuffin (Remix) ft. J. Cole: November 5th
• J. Cole - Miss America: November 13th
• French Montana - Diamonds ft. J. Cole & Rick Ross: November 19th
• Fabolous - Louis Vuitton ft. J. Cole: November 22nd
• The Game - Pray ft. JMSN & J. Cole: December 11th2013:• J. Cole - Can I Holla At Ya: February 12th
• J. Cole - Crunch Time: February 12th
• J. Cole - Rise Above: February 12th
• J. Cole - Tears for ODB: February 12th
• J. Cole - Stay: February 12th
• J. Cole - Power Trip ft. Miguel: February 14th
• J. Cole - Maine On Fire: April 18th
• J. Cole - Cole Summer: April 30th
• J. Cole - Kenny Lofton ft. Jeezy: April 30th
• J. Cole - Chris Tucker ft. 2 Chainz: April 30th
• J. Cole - Head Bussa: April 30th
• J. Cole - Cousins ft. Bas: April 30th
• J. Cole - 3 Wishes: April 30th
• J. Cole - Niggaz Know: May 30th
• J. Cole - Crooked Smile ft. TLC: June 4th
• Bas - Lit ft. KQuick & J. Cole: June 17th
• J. Cole - Villuminati: June 18th
• J. Cole - Kerney Sermon (Skit): June 18th
• J. Cole - LAnd of the Snakes: June 18th
• J. Cole - Mo Money (Interlude): June 18th
• J. Cole - Trouble: June 18th
• J. Cole - Runaway: June 18th
• J. Cole - Rich Niggaz: June 18th
• J. Cole - Where’s Jermaine (Skit): June 18th
• J. Cole - Forbidden Fruit ft. Kendrick Lamar: June 18th
• J. Cole - Chaining Day: June 18th
• J. Cole - Ain't That Some Shit (Interlude): June 18th
• J. Cole - Let Nas Down: June 18th
• J. Cole - Born Sinner ft. James Fauntleroy: June 18th
• J. Cole - New York Times ft. Bas & 50 Cent: June 18th
• J. Cole - Is She Gon Pop: June 18th
• J. Cole - Sparks Will Fly ft. Jhené Aiko: June 18th
• Drake - Jodeci Freestyle ft. J. Cole: June 22nd
• Elijah Blake - Vendetta ft. J. Cole: July 2nd
• Wale - Winter Schemes ft. J. Cole: July 9th
• DJ Khaled - Hell's Kitchen ft. Bas & J. Cole: October 22nd
• J. Cole - She Knows ft. Amber Coffman & Cults: October 29th
• Yo Gotti - Cold Blood ft. Canei Finch & J. Cole: November 19th
• Justin Timberlake - TKO (Black Friday Remix) ft. A$AP Rocky, Pusha T & J. Cole: December 16th2014:• Wale - Black Grammys ft. Rockie Fresh, Meek Mill & J. Cole: January 26th
• J. Cole - Lil’ Niggaz (Snippet): January 28th
• J. Cole - Revenge of the Dreamers: January 28th
• J. Cole - Blowin' Smoke: January 28th
• J. Cole - Bitchez ft. Bas & Omen: January 28th
• Treasure Davis - May the Bitter Man Win ft. J. Cole: January 28th
• J. Cole - Crooked Smile (Original): January 28th
• Bas - My Nigga Just Made Bail ft. J. Cole: April 29th
• J. Cole - Be Free: August 15th
• Maroon 5 - Animals (Remix) ft. J. Cole: September 29th
• Cozz - Knock tha Hustle (Remix) ft. J. Cole: October 3rd
• Jessie Ware - Kind Of...Sometimes...Maybe (Remix) ft. J. Cole: October 22nd
• J. Cole - Intro (2014 Forest Hills Drive): December 5th
• J. Cole - January 28th: December 9th
• J. Cole - Wet Dreamz: December 9th
• J. Cole - 03' Adolescence: December 9th
• J. Cole - A Tale of 2 Citiez: December 9th
• J. Cole - Fire Squad: December 9th
• J. Cole - St. Tropez: December 9th
• J. Cole - G.O.M.D.: December 9th
• J. Cole - No Role Modelz: December 9th
• J. Cole - Hello: December 9th
• J. Cole - Apparently: December 9th
• J. Cole - Love Yourz: December 9th
• J. Cole - Note to Self: December 9th2015:• Jeremih - Planez ft. J. Cole: January 27th
• Wale - The Pessimist ft. J. Cole: March 31st
• Boosie Badazz - Black Heaven ft. Keyshia Cole & J. Cole: May 26th
• Donnie Trumpet & The Social Experiment - Warm Enough ft. J. Cole & Noname: May 28th
• Omen - Things Change ft. J. Cole: July 21st
• Janet Jackson - No Sleeep ft. J. Cole: July 22nd
• Trae tha Truth - Children Of Men ft. J. Cole & Ink: July 24th
• J. Cole - Black Friday: November 27th
• Bas - Night Job ft. J. Cole: December 4th
• J. Cole - Folgers Crystals: December 8th
• J. Cole - Caged Bird ft. Omen: December 8th2016:• J. Cole - Intro (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - January 28th (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - Wet Dreamz (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - 03' Adolescence (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - A Tale of 2 Citiez (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - Fire Squad (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - St. Tropez (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - Intermission (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - G.O.M.D. (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - No Role Modelz (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - Hello (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - Apparently (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - Love Yourz (Live): January 28th
• DJ Khaled - Jermaine’s Interlude ft. EARTHGANG & J. Cole: July 29th
• Spillage Village - Can't Call It ft. Bas, JID, EARTHGANG & J. Cole: November 8th
• J. Cole - False Prophets: December 1st
• J. Cole - ​everybody dies: December 2nd
• J. Cole - For Whom the Bell Tolls: December 9th
• J. Cole - Immortal: December 9th
• J. Cole - Deja Vu: December 9th
• J. Cole - Ville Mentality: December 9th
• J. Cole - She’s Mine, Pt. 1: December 9th
• J. Cole - Change: December 9th
• J. Cole - Neighbors: December 9th
• J. Cole - Foldin Clothes: December 9th
• J. Cole - She’s Mine, Pt. 2: December 9th
• J. Cole - 4 Your Eyez Only: December 9th2017:• J. Cole - High for Hours: January 16th
• Joey Bada$$ - LEGENDARY ft. J. Cole: April 7th
• Logic - AfricAryaN ft. Neil deGrasse Tyson & J. Cole: May 5th
• Salomon Faye - Live And Learn ft. Eryn Allen Kane & J. Cole: November 9th
• Miguel - Come Through and Chill ft. Salaam Remi & J. Cole: November 27th
• Jeezy - American Dream ft. J. Cole & Kendrick Lamar: December 14th2018:• Cozz - Zendaya ft. J. Cole: February 13th
• Royce da 5'9" - Boblo Boat ft. J. Cole: March 23rd
• ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​kiLL edward - Tidal Wave: April 18th
• J. Cole - Intro (KOD): April 20th
• J. Cole - KOD: April 20th
• J. Cole - Photograph: April 20th
• J. Cole - The Cut Off ft. kiLL edward: April 20th
• J. Cole - ATM: April 20th
• J. Cole - Motiv8: April 20th
• J. Cole - Kevin’s Heart: April 20th
• J. Cole - BRACKETS: April 20th
• J. Cole - Once an Addict (Interlude): April 20th
• J. Cole - FRIENDS ft. kiLL edward: April 20th
• J. Cole - Window Pain (Outro): April 20th
• J. Cole - 1985 (Intro to "The Fall Off"): April 20th
• Jay Rock - OSOM ft. J. Cole: June 15th
• J. Cole - Album of the Year (Freestyle): August 7th
• Bas & J. Cole - Tribe: August 22nd
• 6LACK - Pretty Little Fears ft. J. Cole: September 14th
• Wale - My Boy (Freestyle) ft. J. Cole: September 14th
• Rapsody - Sojourner ft. J. Cole: October 26th
• Moneybagg Yo - Say Na ft. J. Cole: November 2nd
• JID & J. Cole - Off Deez: November 6th
• Ari Lennox & J. Cole - Shea Butter Baby: November 16th
• Anderson .Paak - Trippy ft. J. Cole: November 16th
• 21 Savage - ​a lot ft. J. Cole: December 21st2019:• J. Cole - MIDDLE CHILD: January 23rd
• Offset - How Did I Get Here ft. J. Cole: February 22nd
• Ty Dolla $ign - Purple Emoji ft. J. Cole: May 20th
• Young Thug - The London ft. J. Cole & Travis Scott: May 23rd
• Dreamville - Down Bad ft. EARTHGANG, J. Cole, Bas, JID & Young Nudy: June 12th
• Dreamville, J. Cole & Lute - Under the Sun ft. DaBaby & Kendrick Lamar: July 5th
• Dreamville, J. Cole, JID, Cozz & EARTHGANG - 1993 ft. Buddy & Smino: July 5th
• Dreamville, JID & J. Cole - Rembrandt...Run It Back ft. Vince Staples: July 5th
• Dreamville, EARTHGANG & J. Cole - Sacrifices ft. Smino & Saba: July 5th
• Big K.R.I.T. - Prove It ft. J. Cole: July 12th
• Gang Starr - Family and Loyalty ft. J. Cole: September 20th2020:• J. Cole - Snow on tha Bluff: June 16th
• J. Cole - t h e . c l i m b . b a c k: July 22nd
• J. Cole - Lion King on Ice: July 22nd2021:• J. Cole - ​i n t e r l u d e: May 7th
• J. Cole - 9 5 . s o u t h: May 14th
• J. Cole - ​​a m a r i: May 14th
• J. Cole, 21 Savage & Morray - ​​m y . l i f e: May 14th
• J. Cole - a p p l y i n g . p r e s s u r e: May 14th
• J. Cole - p u n c h i n ’ . t h e . c l o c k: May 14th
• J. Cole & Bas - 1 0 0 . m i l ’: May 14th
• J. Cole & Lil Baby - p r i d e . i s . t h e . d e v i l: May 14th
• J. Cole, Bas & 6LACK - ​l e t . g o . m y . h a n d: May 14th
• J. Cole - c l o s e: May 14th
• J. Cole & Bas - h u n g e r . o n . h i l l s i d e: May 14th
• Bas & J. Cole -  ft. Lil Tjay: July 9th
• Dreamville & J. Cole - Heavens EP: September 21st
• Joyner Lucas & J. Cole - Your Heart: September 24th
• Wale - Poke It Out ft. J. Cole: September 30th
• Young Thug - Stressed ft. J. Cole & T-Shyne: October 15th
• Travis Scott - MAFIA ft. J. Cole: November 5th2022:• Benny the Butcher & J. Cole - Johnny P’s Caddy: January 28th
• YG - Scared Money ft. J. Cole & Moneybagg Yo: February 4th
• EARTHGANG, JID & J. Cole - WATERBOYZ: February 25th
• Dreamville, JID & J. Cole - Stick ft. Sheck Wes & Kenny Mason: March 31st
• Dreamville & J. Cole - Freedom of Speech: March 31st
• BIA - LONDON ft. J. Cole: April 8th
• Drake - Jimmy Cooks ft. 21 Savage & J. Cole: June 17th
• JID - 2007 ft. J. Cole: August 18th
• Smino - 90 Proof ft. J. Cole: September 30th2023:• J. Cole - procrastination (broke): January 18th
• Dreamville & J. Cole - Adonis Interlude (The Montage): March 3rd
• ​j-hope & J. Cole - on the street: March 3rd
• ​Lil Durk - All My Life ft. J. Cole: May 12th
• ​Summer Walker - To Summer, From Cole (Audio Hug) ft. J. Cole: May 19th
• ​J. Cole & Bas - Passport Bros: July 19th
• Burna Boy - Thanks ft. J. Cole: August 25th
• Gucci Mane - There I Go ft. J. Cole & Mike WiLL Made-It: August 25th
• Lil Yachty & J. Cole - The Secret Recipe: September 28th
• Drake - First Person Shooter ft. J. Cole: October 6th
• Drake - Evil Ways ft. J. Cole: November 17th
• Nicki Minaj - Let Me Calm Down ft. J. Cole: December 8th
• Bas & J. Cole - Paper Cuts: December 15th
• Bas & J. Cole - Home Alone: December 15thEmbed


Album: The Warm Up - June 15, 2009

1. Intro (The Warm Up)
2. Welcome
3. Can I Live
4. Grown Simba
5. Just to Get By
6. Lights Please
7. Dead Presidents II
8. I Get Up
9. World is Empty
10. Dreams (Ft. Brandon Hines)
11. Royal Flush
12. Dollar and a Dream II
13. Water Break (Interlude)
14. Heartache
15. Get Away
16. Knock Knock
17. Ladies (Ft. Lee Fields & The Expressions)
18. Til' Infinity
19. The Badness (Ft. Omen)
20. Hold It Down
21. Last Call
22. Losing My Balance

Track: Intro (The Warm Up)

Lyrics:
22 ContributorsIntro (The Warm Up) Lyrics
Yeah
You ever prayed for something your whole life?
I mean, all you dreamed about was this one thing
I mean, you know it’s coming
You have faith and all that
But sometimes
Sometimes you second guess yourself
That’s human nature I suppose, second guessing
When life seems to take you through more downs than ups
Seems like it gives you more losses than wins
But do you stand tall and be bold
Or do you fold?
Do you believe?
See, me, I came a long way
Way too far for me to stop now
Not that I would stop anyways, but
I’m so close, I can feel it
Can you feel it?
Warm UpYou might also like4Embed


Track: Welcome

Lyrics:
36 ContributorsWelcome Lyrics
Yeah
Hey
Yeah, hey
Fayettenam, yeah
Bitch

Yeah, I'm sipping liquor for the pain, pouring liquor for the slain
Nothing else can do the trick like hard liquor to the brain
Fall victim to the game, all this money we spent
In my mind, tryna figure where this 20 G's went
Maybe I should slow it down, maybe take the pace slow
Second thought, I think I need to speed it up and make mo'
Time to build, Lego, in the Ville, laid low
Counting days, still waiting on that shit I prayed for
Am I ungrateful? Want it all so quick
Feel a vibrate, hold up, I got a call, old bitch
How she get my new shit? Swear the city too small
Type of chick won't take her shirt off 'cause her titties too small
I could give a damn, girl, lift up that pretty blue bra
Now I'm in the deep, seeing just how pretty you are
And that kitty go hard
Lord, I'm up in that
Got the type of kitty cat that make a nigga double back
Type of shit that make a nigga wanna fall in love with that
At the door with a towel on and nothin' under that
Saying welcome
Hey, yeah
Yeah, welcome
Yeah, yeah
You might also like
I let these words flow out like water from a spout
Like rain from the clouds, rush the pain from the crowd
'Cause these words go deep from my soul when I speak
Then the flows hit the souls of all those that I've reached
If I die 'fore I wake, hope my songs live on
Will they miss me when I'm gone and if so, for how long?
So much shit is on my brain, try hard to maintain
Sit and analyze my thoughts, at times I wonder if I'm sane
Man, it's hard to trust friends when the paranoia blends
With the marijuana, wonder will this high ever end?
Swear I'll never smoke again, y'all niggas blow the weed
Let me take another shot, man, this liquor's all I need
Just to put me in the zone, so far away from home
Nobody truly know me, got me feelin' so alone
They wonder what's on my mind, what's lingerin' in my dome
I tell 'em ain't nothin' wrong, I deal with it on my own
I deal with it on my own

Yeah, I deal with it on my own, nigga
Yeah, oh, welcome12Embed


Track: Can I Live

Lyrics:
66 ContributorsCan I Live Lyrics
Yeah, pussy my passion, never been a fan of flashin'
Probably 'cause I never could, said if I had it, never would
Then I got my first lil taste of paper and I splurged
I guess it's just a nigga urge, this is The Boondocks
I swear, yo, I’m like Huey mixed with Riley
Thursday I be tryna save the world, and then on Friday, I hit the club
Hopin' that my dick get rubbed by some fat asses
Niggas get to scrappin' then you hear the gats blasting, damn
Hope them niggas ain't got no problems with me
My momma told me to speak like you got a college degree
You see, I can, but I won’t 'cause I’m saying what I want
Plus this slang that I speak don't change that I'm deep
As the throat on a certified freak, will she choke?
As we headed to the crib, yes, I let her give me head
So she won't 'member where I live, my game is tight
Baby, no need to bring pajamas, you ain't stayin' the night
No disrespect, I just say it polite
I drop her off before I sleep, I be praying for life
Like Hov said it, can I live?
Ayy, dear Lord, can I live?
Hey, now am I living to get paid, just slaves for a wage, are we?
I can't do no 9-to-5, told my momma sorry
I can't do no suit and tie, no I want the glory
If you knew me, know my life is like a movie starring me
Pardon me, if it seems that I'm following my dreams
I ain't reading off the script that they picked for me
I ain't pissed, nah, couldn’t give a shit hardly
I'll be shitting on them niggas that was shitting on me
Will I live or will I die before they get to know me?
If I go, I know the ones that’s pouring liquor for me
And I know them fake niggas really hating on me
Knew that I was 'bout to blow, so they was waiting on me
You might also like
But oh no, Lord
You see, I'm smarter than they know
So hold on, Lord, 'cause I ain't quite ready to go
Can I live?
Somebody told me that it's only one shot
So I'll be goddamned if I'm ever gonna stop
Promise to my momma I'ma make it to the top
So I'ma keep climbing 'til my heartbeat drop

Like the phone when she heard the news
Her sister on the other line talking to her shoes
The only son, what a thing to lose
More blacks singing more blues
More niggas pouring more brews
Poor dude, he was young like 21, straight up out that city that I'm from
A real smart nigga, but his niggas, they was dumb
He ain't even get a chance to run
Before it landed in his lung
God, breathe nigga
His partner screaming “Don’t you fucking leave, nigga!”
Took off his shirt, tryna stop the bleeding nigga, “Don’t you go!”
But his life fading slow
Did I tell my mom I love her, do she know?
Did I tell my baby sorry from before?
Won't get to see my son grow
Lord, I ain't ready to go
Can I live? Can I live? Dear Lord, Can I live?
Can I live?27Embed


Track: Grown Simba

Lyrics:
60 ContributorsGrown Simba Lyrics
Yeah, yeah
Yeah, uh

Now, I was dreaming 'bout a deal at the age of thirteen
I was fiending for the mills, I ain't talking Burger King
Some of my niggas in the 'Ville, all they did was serve fiends
Fuck scales, I had skills, all day rehearsing
Them pretty boys had them gals, spent they time flirting
All they wanted was some waves like they fucking surfing
Hold up, now, don’t get it twisted, I ain't hating, do your thing
I was like a young Simba; couldn’t wait to be the king
Now, a nigga is the prince
Hopped over the fence where the grass way greener
Look at shawty ass, way meaner
Something like Serena mixed with Trina—have you seen her?
She fine enough to be Ms. Howard, word to Adina
My money like a senior, watch it graduate
Now, it's time to eat, I’m letting all my niggas grab a plate
Gravitate to real shit, stay away from phonies
These niggas heard about me, now they acting like they know me

Keep on saying, “Where you going, nigga?”
Shit, it ain't no telling, huh, yeah
“Ayy, where you going, nigga?”
Hey, it ain't no telling, yeah
They keep on saying “Where you going, nigga?” Going, nigga
Ayy, it ain't no telling (Yeah)
Can’t tell you where I’m going, just know I won't stop
Goodbye to the bottom, hello to the top, ugh
You might also like
Pardon the interruption, a proper introduction is necessary
When your shit is legendary, man
Greedy niggas wouldn’t let me in the cafeteria'n
'Cause they ain't believe, suddenly they Presbyterian
The hoes is librarians; they looking me up
She got to Jones like Marion, she licking me up
Then we cut, look how she say my name
I got her moaning, "J. Cole", they used to say "Jermaine"
I never change, I'm like a corpse in a coffin; six feet, shit's deep
I was low, just a dollar and some hope fixed me
'Cause I was broke, plus the weed that I would smoke would make it worser
Lord, please let my problems disappear like Ron Mercer
I’m a star; Converses
Conversing with them girls with them curves like cursive
They open like curtains
'Cause my shit is unheard of like curses on the radio
Same bitches used to play me though

Now, they yelling, “Where you going, nigga?”
Shit, it ain't no telling, huh, yeah
“Ay, where you going, nigga?”
Shit, it ain't no telling, yeah
They keep on saying “Where you going, nigga?” Going, nigga
It ain't no telling, yeah
I can’t tell you where I’m going, just know I won't stop
Goodbye to the bottom (Yeah), hello to the top, yeah
I left the city for a minute, but it's still on my back
Told my niggas "Ay, I'm finna put the Ville on the map
I'll be back, and I'm coming with a deal and a plaque."
'Cause I'm ill, bitch, they couldn’t make a pill for the rap
Pouring liquor for my niggas that was killed, send 'em back
Came home, shit is real, niggas still in the trap
Hold up, now, don’t get it twisted, if you slang, do your thing
Me, I'm like a young Simba; I can't wait to be the king
Witness the dream
Straight out that Carolina water, I was brought up
In the city where the skinny niggas tryna be the ballers
Ain't no fathers, but the skinny niggas tryna hit they daughters
Sneaking in her crib, but her momma never caught us
What they taught us?
Man, them bad bitches only want the ballers, the starters
We hooping, now the hoes wanna guard us
Ugh, okay, so play D—know what I mean?
And I, I, I'll put you on the team
Man, this life is but a dream, and I need a fast car
Bad broads, fast forward; passport, I'm a fucking rap star

“Ayy, where you going, nigga?”
Shit, it ain't no telling, yeah
They say this life is but a dream, well, I need a fast car
Bad broads, fast forward; passport, I'm a fucking rap star
“Ayy, where you going, nigga?"
Yeah, it ain't no telling27Embed


Track: Just to Get By

Lyrics:
42 ContributorsJust to Get By Lyrics
That was the warm-up, that was the warm-up, baby
Aight, Elite, for real, one take, dawg, and I'm up outta here
One
Yup, yeah

Lord, please forgive me for my sinnin'
I ain’t sayin' that I’m finished, but I’m prayin' in advance
'Cause the way her eyes glance like they playin' in my pants
Yeah, ball game, I swear the hoes wasn’t in my plans
When a nigga took a chance and came to the big city
My beat machine the only fuckin' thing I had with me
Like Bobby had Whitney, we was cookin' up crack
But them fifteen credits had a nigga off track
Picture that, best rapper since Lil Wayne in classes
The best bachelor since Bruce Wayne with his bachelor’s
But mastered this rap shit, you hear the words comin' from my
Lips, bastards, I never crack, I got that Chapstick
I practiced 'til that shit made perfect and served it
To the people on a silver platter, now where’s the ladder?
'Cause either you gonna whine or you climb; I chose the latter
Know you haters is pissed, hold your bladder though
‘Fore you get tossed like a forward lateral, we never tattle
Let God handle that, or let the mob handle that
No Soprano, half black, half white; I’m a piano
I’m an animal, my video on Discovery Channel
I’m a beast when my shit hits the streets, these niggas cease
To exist, like a beach in a tsunami, you'll find me
In the ‘Ville in the state of NC, bitch, if I ain’t back
Home, I’m up in NYC, ‘bout that money prob'ly
Like a fuckin' robbery, but I ain’t jackin'
I’m chasin' dreams sort of like jeans, boy, I ain’t slackin'
I’m chasin' dreams sort of like jeans, boy, I ain’t slackin'
Hey, take a hard look at my drive nigga, no hackin'
On my shit, I’m straight smackin' niggas, straight taggin' niggas
Yo, I'm freestylin', fuck y'all niggas, y’all be wylin', and I’m outYou might also like6Embed


Track: Lights Please

Lyrics:
88 ContributorsLights Please Lyrics
Ugh, yeah, yeah, ugh

I had this little bad thing, somethin' like them tens
She gave a nigga mad brain, somethin' like The Wiz
But, you see, the sad thing fuckin' with her is
Is the chick ain't even have brains, dummy like a bitch
So I tried to show her about the world
And about just who we really are
And where we've come and how we still have to go really far
Like, "Baby, look at how we live broke on the boulevard"
But all she ever want me to do is unhook her bra
Then all I really want is for her to go down low
Before you know it, she wet enough to get drowned slow
And all that deep shit I was previously down fo'
Replaced by freak shit I am currently down fo'
You see I peeped it, pussy is power
That proud feelin' we get knowin' that pussy is ours
And how it feels to feel that feelin'
You feelin' when you be drillin' that shit
Got her sayin' you be killin' that shit
And all the pain the world cause, she be healin' that shit
And naw, that ain't your girl, dog
But you be feelin' that chick
And you just wanna tell her everything she might need
But in the meantime it's lights, please
You might also like
Lights please, lights please, turn off the lights
For now, everything just seems so right
And how you make the darkness seem so bright
I'm feeling like things gon' be alright
Lights please, lights please, turn off the lights
For now, everything just seems so right
And how you make the darkness seem so bright
I'm feeling like things gon' be alright

So now we in the hotel, mirrors on the ceilin'
She say she wanna blow L's, I hear her and I'm willin'
But every time I smoke, well, a nigga mind gone
So that every word I spoke, well, I'm tryna put her on
But she couldn't hear me
I told her all about how we been livin' a lie
And that they love to see us all go to prison or die
Like, "Baby, look at how they show us on the TV screen"
But all she ever want me to do is unzip her jeans
Then all I really want is for her to get on top
Before you know it, she workin', jerkin' it nonstop
And all that next shit I was previously talkin'
Is now that wet shit that I'm currently lost in
And while that sweat drip, I am reminded
All the times my brother told me that pussy is blindin'
I'm findin', the more I grow
The more y'all seem to stay the same
Don't even know the rules, but yet y'all tryna play the game
And ain't it shameful how niggas blame hoes for givin' birth
To a baby that took two to make?
Coward nigga, you a fake
How you gonna look in your son's face and turn your back
Then go start another family?
Dawg, what type of shit is that?
She said it's okay, rub my head and told me to relax
Laid a nigga down proper, like she was recordin' tracks
Said "I know you wanna change the world
But for the night, please
Just reach over and hit the lights please"
Lights please, lights please, turn off the lights
For now, everything just seems so right
And how you make the darkness seem so bright
I'm feeling like things gon' be alright
Lights please, lights please, turn off the lights
For now, everything just seems so right
And how you make the darkness seem so bright
I'm feeling like things gon' be alright
Lights please, ah-ah-ah
Lights please, ah-ah-ah
Lights please, ah-ah-ah
Lights please, turn off the lights
Lights, please

Alright, if y'all niggas heard the first one, The Come Up and shit, then you would have heard part 1 of this joint right here. It's "Dead Presidents", you know classic nigga, that's classic Jay shit. So I did it, threw it on the first mixtape, this is about a year ago. We let niggas hear like you know the mixtape whatever, and there was always this one nigga that stuck out to me like a year ago. This nigga's like "yo". like I thought I did my thing on this shit, that was like two of my favorite verses that I did, but he was just like "Yo", like, "Yo you didn't come right man. If you gon' come on Dead Presidents son, you gotta come, hard son, you gotta come harder than that son, you gotta come harder than that." I was like, man what you mean I came hard? But, that shit always stuck in my mind, so doing this next, you know, doing this The Warm Up I was like, damn, I gotta get on it again, I gotta do it again. Just almost like, just to prove to that nigga and kinda prove to myself that you I can, I can maybe get a little...73Embed


Track: Dead Presidents II

Lyrics:
93 ContributorsDead Presidents II Lyrics
Yeah, Fayettenam

These niggas is playing Russian Roulette
With a full clip, foolish, my crew is foolless
No, we don't dance, all we do is stay two steps ahead
Make the hoes get loose like a noose neck, instead while these dudes beg for head
They got the game twisted, heavy traffic in this rap shit, look how my lane shifted
Elevated my game, lifted my name, now these lame niggas could never get it
Like that bad bitch you wanted but could never hit it
Clever with it, my flow like a devil spit it and heaven sent it
So high, if I dropped I would fall for 11 minutes
So yeah, I operate on a higher plane, my thoughts take a higher train
It's dope, then you should know the suppliers name
It's J. Cole, set of horns and a halo
And all these Jose Canseco's wanna text us like Waco
Its hard to remain faithful niggas be throwing hate
Yo I'm in a league of my own so what the fuck would I play for?
Some next niggas almost slid in but didn't fit in
Naw I ain't Maury Povich but who the fuck is you kiddin?
These big wig niggas throwing their bid in
Try not to show stress, I guess the flow is protested like a sit in
I told my niggas we would get in but that ain't even half the battle
Stay behind like a shadow or you catapult
Now if I had a ladder or now even if I had a rope
I'd climb that motherfucker to the top and never let it go!
You might also like
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money)
I'm out for dead fucking presidents to represent me
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money)
I'm out for dead fucking presidents to represent me

Heaven or hell, you choose, freedom or jail, you lose
I can't stop, I'm as hot as the devils shoes
Overcame a low life status to blow like Gladys
Ahead of my time like I live my whole life backwards
I'm nothing like these ho-like rappers, my whole life practice to be the one
What's it like to be LeBron
They calling you the saviour, so much pressure but you deal with it
The weight of the world on your shoulders but you still lift it
Ill with it for real, lil nigga from Ville that real niggas can feel
Nobody taught us how to cook still niggas a grill
No Foreman, try not to call them ladies bees but them hoes swarmin'
Now honey, aye is it destiny or is it money you're feelin'
Heard rumors of a deal and now you thinkin' a million
Pardon my paranoid mind but I'm starin' in the mirror livin' in fear that things a never be the same
No one left for me to blame but myself 'cause I asked for this
Headed for fame but in my brain, hey can I last in this?
Aye five years I'll probably laugh at this
Try not to let it wear me out like a bad bitch with fashion sense
I keep it fresh while these wack niggas rehash and shit
Jackin styles you know, ski mask and shit
I pass these niggas, they tryna do it how these other niggas did it
I'm tryna live it how no other nigga ever lived it
I'm out for dead fucking presidents to represent me
Dead fucking presidents to represent me
I'm out for dead fucking presidents to represent me
Dead fucking presidents to represent me

I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money)
I'm out for dead fucking presidents to represent me29Embed


Track: I Get Up

Lyrics:
63 ContributorsI Get Up Lyrics

I woke up early in the morning, hoes blowing up my phone
I ain't used to small talking when they know I'm tryna bone
Fuck 'em, I'll holla later, man, right now, my mind's elsewhere
My mom's healthcare, get her out this hell here
A lot of niggas fail, frail niggas won't prevail here
We seen it all man, niggas can't even spell scared
A Fresh Prince, but yo my city ain't no Bel-Air
Fuck if you would sell, I'm worry bout my welfares
So farewell to them broke days and bonjour to the most paid
Soon as my dough straight, I throw the wifey in some Dolce
And put some chains on my niggas like I own slaves
I get up, look out the window, hope the sun shining
Down on my niggas out there front lining
I hit the streets and see them boys out there locking up some older head
So Goddamn homie, hold your head, and hold your head

I get up, I see the clouds from my window
I pray the sun gon' shine this way
And where I go as the wind blow
Momma, your son gon' find his way
And if I gotta crawl, I'ma make to the end though
And to the top if I climb my way
And tell 'em I'ma rise, I'm on my—headed for the sky
I'm on my way
You might also like
Paint a picture to show the deaf what it's like to listen
And speak the words and tell a blind man what he missin'
For all my niggas doin' time man up in prison
Felt you had to resort to crime, man fuck the system
We raisin' babies up in Hades where there ain't no hope
Ain't no fathers, don't take no scholarship to slang no dope
Politicians hollerin' bout problems but I ain't gon' vote
He talk about change, still we floatin' in the same ol' boat
So tell me how I'm supposed to feel when the President spoke
When he ain't never had to struggle, ain't never been broke
Ain't even roll through the ghetto ain't neva been close
Trustin' this government's like trustin' the devil in oath
For rebel with quotes, I get up
Lifestyle of the young, black and reckless
A generation of niggas strapped and askin' questions like:
"Tell me why I ain't got shit?"
I let this liquor fill my liver with them toxics as I sip

I get up, I see the clouds from my window
I pray the sun gon' shine this way
And where I go as the wind blow
Momma, your son gon' find his way
And if I gotta crawl, I'ma make to the end though
And to the top if I climb my way
And tell 'em I'ma rise, I'm on my—headed for the sky
I'm on my way
Yeah, to all my niggas paper chasin', I pray for your patience
Just keep the faith that you gon' make it one day you'll be cakin'
Takin this shit one step at a time, that real shit is stuck on my mind
But to that bullshit I'm deaf and I'm blind
Destined to shine I'ma find a way, 'cause hey
Damn it, them jobs out there ain't tryna pay, I pray
Granted nine to five is how you survive
I ain't tryna survive, I'm tryna throw my Momma in rides
I'mma provide for my seed I'm the soil
I'll teach 'em bout' loyalty
I'll teach 'em that his skin black like oil that's for royalty
I'll show 'em all the things that my pops was never showin' me
Treat 'em like a growin' tree with this poetry
I get up and show the sons how to lead not to follow
The present is our gift but our seed's got tomorrow
So please niggas raise your kids
And help em' overcome that bull shit they daze us with
I blaze the shit

I get up, I see the clouds from my window
I pray the sun gon' shine this way
And where I go as the wind blow
Momma, your son gon' find his way
And if I gotta crawl, I'ma make to the end though
And to the top if I climb my way
And tell 'em I'ma rise, I'm on my—headed for the sky
I'm on my way
I get up, I see the clouds from my window
I pray the sun gon' shine this way
And where I go as the wind blow
Momma, your son gon' find his way
And if I gotta crawl, I'ma make to the end though
And to the top if I climb my way
And tell 'em I'ma rise, I'm on my—headed for the sky
I'm on my way27Embed


Track: World is Empty

Lyrics:
32 ContributorsWorld is Empty Lyrics
Yeah, it's Cole, won't lie, won't stop 'til the race is won
Niggas who be rapping how real they are
Usually turn out to be the fakest ones
Carolina, where I made it from
Cole world, no blanket, son
Girls fast how Jamaicans run
Puffing on the city where the Lakers from: L-A, L-A, la la
So high, everything is a “ha ha” for me
Dreaming of the days of a drop 500
And a bad bitch that'll go to Popeyes for me
You can never tell me that I'm not hungry
If you ever felt what's inside my tummy
My mind wondering now, is my time running out?
Is the Lord up top with a stop watch for me?
Hope not, hope not, hope not, hope not

(My world is empty without you, babe)
Yeah, just trying to make it, my nigga
(My world is empty without you)
Yeah, yeah

A wise nigga told me don’t chase that cash
Follow your heart, you’ll make that fast
Does a stripper love to shake that ass
Or does she wish to erase that past?
Got a nigga in her face, just gassed
Like “Baby girl, why you take this path?”
Stack in his hand, trynna make that last
All she thinking bout is how to take his last
Rub titties in his face and laugh
Gotta try not to look fake, in fact
A little more money, like a few more 20’s
When you let that nigga grab your naked ass
Okay, he’s gone now, roll her eyes when he whispers in her ear
“This ain't the life for you, baby, let me take you out of here 'cause..."
(My world is empty without you, babe)
Yeah, she like "nigga, yeah right"
(My world is empty without you)
"You know how much motherfucking money I'm making?"

Yeah, my niggas sit back, blowing the L
Only getting high 'cause we closer to hell
Niggas tryna live like Hova, but well
We broke and that dough coming slow as a snail
Hustle hard in the snow, in the hail
Hit the block like a postman with mail
My brother got knocked now they hold him in cells
My mom broke, but she posted the bail
Someway, somehow
Nigga feeling like the sun down even when the sun up
Hear the sound out the window of the gun bust
And you wonder why niggas keep the gun tucked
But this how niggas was brung up
A mother just trying to raise her son up
'Til a stray bullet got his lungs struck
And the Governor couldn’t give one fuck
While she singing

(My world is empty without you, babe)
Damn, told you niggas "Cole world, no blanket"
(My world is empty without you)
Tough luck, yeahYou might also like12Embed


Track: Dreams (Ft. Brandon Hines)

Lyrics:
2 ContributorsJ. Cole  LyricsProjects:2007:• J. Cole - The Come Up Vol. 1: May 4th2009:• J. Cole - The Warm Up: June 15th2010:• J. Cole - Friday Night Lights: November 12th2011:• J. Cole - Any Given Sunday #1: July 31st
• J. Cole - Any Given Sunday #2: August 7th
• J. Cole - Any Given Sunday #5: September 4th
• J. Cole - Cole World: The Sideline Story: September 27th2013:• J. Cole - Truly Yours: February 12th
• J. Cole - Truly Yours 2: April 30th
• J. Cole - Born Sinner: June 18th2014:• Dreamville - Revenge of the Dreamers: January 28th
• J. Cole - 2014 Forеst Hills Drive: Decembеr 9th2015:• Dreamville - Revenge of the Dreamers II: December 8th2016:• J. Cole - Forest Hills Drive: Live from Fayetteville, NC: January 28th
• J. Cole - 4 Your Eyez Only: December 9th2018:• J. Cole - KOD: April 20th2019:• Dreamville - Revenge of the Dreamers III: July 5th2020:• Dreamville - Revenge of the Dreamers III: Director’s Cut: January 16th
• J. Cole - Lewis Street: July 22nd2021:• J. Cole - The Off-Season: May 14th2022:• Dreamville - D-Day: A Gangsta Grillz Mixtape: March 31st2023:• Dreamville - Creed III: The Soundtrack: March 3rdTracks:2007:• J. Cole - Intro (The Come Up Vol. 1): May 4th
• J. Cole - Simba: May 4th
• J. Cole - I'm the Man: May 4th
• J. Cole - School Daze: May 4th
• J. Cole - Dolla and A Dream: May 4th
• J. Cole - Throw It Up: May 4th
• J. Cole - Quote Me: May 4th
• J. Cole - College Boy: May 4th
• J. Cole - Split You Up: May 4th
• J. Cole - Plain (Skit): May 4th
• J. Cole - The Come Up: May 4th
• J. Cole - Mighty Crazy: May 4th
• J. Cole - Dead Presidents: May 4th
• J. Cole - Lil Ghetto Nigga: May 4th
• J. Cole - Homecoming: May 4th
• J. Cole - Carolina On My Mind ft. Deacon: May 4th
• J. Cole - Can't Cry: May 4th
• J. Cole - Goin Off: May 4th
• J. Cole - Rags to Riches (At The Beep): May 4th
• J. Cole - Get It: May 4th
• J. Cole - I Do My Thing ft. Nervous Reck: May 4th2009:• J. Cole - Shook Ones (Freestyle): June 10th
• J. Cole - Intro (The Warm Up): June 15th
• J. Cole - Welcome: June 15th
• J. Cole - Can I Live: June 15th
• J. Cole - Grown Simba: June 15th
• J. Cole - Just to Get By: June 15th
• J. Cole - Lights Please: June 15th
• J. Cole - Dead Presidents II: June 15th
• J. Cole - I Get Up: June 15th
• J. Cole - World is Empty: June 15th
• J. Cole - Dreams ft. Brandon Hines: June 15th
• J. Cole - Royal Flush: June 15th
• J. Cole - Dollar and a Dream II: June 15th
• J. Cole - Water Break (Interlude): June 15th
• J. Cole - Heartache: June 15th
• J. Cole - Get Away: June 15th
• J. Cole - Knock Knock: June 15th
• J. Cole - Ladies: June 15th
• J. Cole - Til’ Infinity: June 15th
• J. Cole - The Badness ft. Omen: June 15th
• J. Cole - Hold It Down: June 15th
• J. Cole - Last Call: June 15th
• J. Cole - Losing My Balance: June 15th
• Wale - Rather Be (Vagina Is For Lovers) ft. Curren$y & J. Cole: June 19th
• JAY-Z - A Star Is Born ft. J. Cole: September 8th
• Wale - Beautiful Bliss ft. Melanie Fiona & J. Cole: November 10th2010:• B.o.B - Gladiators ft. J. Cole: February 1st
• Reflection Eternal - Just Begun ft. Jay Electronica, J. Cole & Yasiin Bey: May 18th
• Young Chris - Still the Hottest ft. J. Cole: May 19th
• Miguel - All I Want Is You ft. J. Cole: May 25th
• J. Cole - Who Dat: May 31st
• Yo Gotti - Look In The Mirror (Remix) ft. Wiz Khalifa, J. Cole & Wale: September 29th
• Fashawn - Relaxation ft. J. Cole & Omen: October 4th
• Kanye West - Looking for Trouble ft. Pusha T, CyHi, Big Sean & J. Cole: November 5th
• J. Cole - Friday Night Lights (Intro): November 12th
• J. Cole - Too Deep for the Intro: November 12th
• J. Cole - Before I'm Gone: November 12th
• J. Cole - Back to the Topic (Freestyle): November 12th
• J. Cole - You Got It ft. Wale: November 12th
• J. Cole - Villematic: November 12th
• J. Cole - Enchanted ft. Omen: November 12th
• J. Cole - Blow Up: November 12th
• J. Cole - Higher: November 12th
• J. Cole - In the Morning ft. Drake: November 12th
• J. Cole - 2Face: November 12th
• J. Cole - The Autograph: November 12th
• J. Cole - Best Friend: November 12th
• J. Cole - Cost Me a Lot: November 12th
• J. Cole - Premeditated Murder: November 12th
• J. Cole - Home for the Holidays: November 12th
• J. Cole - Love Me Not: November 12th
• J. Cole - See World: November 12th
• J. Cole - Farewell: November 12th
• Sean Garrett - Feel Love ft. J. Cole: December 10th
• Keri Hilson - Buyou ft. J. Cole: December 17th2011:• Rihanna - S&M (J. Cole Remix) ft. J. Cole: January 18th
• Chip - Champion (Remix) ft. J. Cole & Chris Brown: February 5th
• J. Cole - Killers: March 15th
• J. Cole - Return Of Simba: May 23rd
• Wale - Fitted Cap ft. Meek Mill, Rick Ross & J. Cole: May 23rd
• J. Cole - Work Out: June 15th
• Wale - Bad Girls Club ft. J. Cole: July 14th
• J. Cole - Like a Star: July 31st
• J. Cole - Knock on Wood (Freestyle): July 31st
• J. Cole - Pity ft. Voli Contra & Omen: July 31st
• J. Cole - How High: July 31st
• J. Cole - Unabomber: July 31st
• J. Cole - Bring Em In: August 7th
• J. Cole - Roll Call: August 7th
• J. Cole - Be (Freestyle): August 7th
• Maejor - Trouble ft. J. Cole: August 11th
• Elle Varner - Only Wanna Give It To You ft. J. Cole: August 16th
• J. Cole - Can't Get Enough ft. Trey Songz: September 1st
• J. Cole - Heavy: September 4th
• J. Cole - Neverland: September 4th
• J. Cole - Who Datt Pt. 2 ft. Childish Gambino & SD: September 7th
• J. Cole - Breakdown: September 11th
• J. Cole - Mr. Nice Watch ft. JAY-Z: September 14th
• J. Cole - Intro: September 27th
• J. Cole - Dollar and a Dream III: September 27th
• J. Cole - Interlude (Cole World): September 27th
• J. Cole - Sideline Story: September 27th
• J. Cole - Cole World: September 27th
• J. Cole - Lost Ones: September 27th
• J. Cole - Never Told: September 27th
• J. Cole - Rise and Shine: September 27th
• J. Cole - God's Gift: September 27th
• J. Cole - Daddy's Little Girl: September 27th
• DJ Drama - Undercover ft. J. Cole & Chris Brown: October 11th
• Beyoncé - Party (Remix) ft. J. Cole: October 24th
• Omen - Mama Told Me ft. J. Cole: November 6th
• Elite - World Premiere ft. J. Cole: November 11th
• Red Cafe - Fly Together (Remix) ft. J. Cole, Wale & Trey Songz: December 9th
• Tinie Tempah - Like It Or Love It ft. Wretch 32 & J. Cole: December 16th2012:• Maejor - Trouble (Remix) ft. Nelly, Wale, T-Pain, Trey Songz & J. Cole: January 13th
• J. Cole - Nobody's Perfect ft. Missy Elliott: February 7th
• Tyga - Let It Show ft. J. Cole: February 21st
• J. Cole - Grew Up Fast: February 22nd
• J. Cole - Visionz of Home: March 2nd
• Melanie Fiona - This Time ft. J. Cole: March 20th
• J. Cole - The Cure: July 26th
• DJ Khaled - They Ready ft. J. Cole, Big K.R.I.T. & Kendrick Lamar: August 21st
• Rita Ora - Love and War ft. J. Cole: August 27th
• Trae tha Truth - I'm On 2.0 ft. Big K.R.I.T., J. Cole, Kendrick Lamar, Jadakiss, B.o.B, Gudda Gudda, Bun B, Tyga & Mark Morrison: August 29th
• Lil Wayne - Green Ranger ft. J. Cole: September 3rd
• Big Sean - 24k of Gold ft. J. Cole & Jhené Aiko: September 5th
• J. Cole - I'm a Fool: September 17th
• Kendrick Lamar - The Jig Is Up (Dump’n) ft. J. Cole: October 20th
• Selah Sue - Raggamuffin (Remix) ft. J. Cole: November 5th
• J. Cole - Miss America: November 13th
• French Montana - Diamonds ft. J. Cole & Rick Ross: November 19th
• Fabolous - Louis Vuitton ft. J. Cole: November 22nd
• The Game - Pray ft. JMSN & J. Cole: December 11th2013:• J. Cole - Can I Holla At Ya: February 12th
• J. Cole - Crunch Time: February 12th
• J. Cole - Rise Above: February 12th
• J. Cole - Tears for ODB: February 12th
• J. Cole - Stay: February 12th
• J. Cole - Power Trip ft. Miguel: February 14th
• J. Cole - Maine On Fire: April 18th
• J. Cole - Cole Summer: April 30th
• J. Cole - Kenny Lofton ft. Jeezy: April 30th
• J. Cole - Chris Tucker ft. 2 Chainz: April 30th
• J. Cole - Head Bussa: April 30th
• J. Cole - Cousins ft. Bas: April 30th
• J. Cole - 3 Wishes: April 30th
• J. Cole - Niggaz Know: May 30th
• J. Cole - Crooked Smile ft. TLC: June 4th
• Bas - Lit ft. KQuick & J. Cole: June 17th
• J. Cole - Villuminati: June 18th
• J. Cole - Kerney Sermon (Skit): June 18th
• J. Cole - LAnd of the Snakes: June 18th
• J. Cole - Mo Money (Interlude): June 18th
• J. Cole - Trouble: June 18th
• J. Cole - Runaway: June 18th
• J. Cole - Rich Niggaz: June 18th
• J. Cole - Where’s Jermaine (Skit): June 18th
• J. Cole - Forbidden Fruit ft. Kendrick Lamar: June 18th
• J. Cole - Chaining Day: June 18th
• J. Cole - Ain't That Some Shit (Interlude): June 18th
• J. Cole - Let Nas Down: June 18th
• J. Cole - Born Sinner ft. James Fauntleroy: June 18th
• J. Cole - New York Times ft. Bas & 50 Cent: June 18th
• J. Cole - Is She Gon Pop: June 18th
• J. Cole - Sparks Will Fly ft. Jhené Aiko: June 18th
• Drake - Jodeci Freestyle ft. J. Cole: June 22nd
• Elijah Blake - Vendetta ft. J. Cole: July 2nd
• Wale - Winter Schemes ft. J. Cole: July 9th
• DJ Khaled - Hell's Kitchen ft. Bas & J. Cole: October 22nd
• J. Cole - She Knows ft. Amber Coffman & Cults: October 29th
• Yo Gotti - Cold Blood ft. Canei Finch & J. Cole: November 19th
• Justin Timberlake - TKO (Black Friday Remix) ft. A$AP Rocky, Pusha T & J. Cole: December 16th2014:• Wale - Black Grammys ft. Rockie Fresh, Meek Mill & J. Cole: January 26th
• J. Cole - Lil’ Niggaz (Snippet): January 28th
• J. Cole - Revenge of the Dreamers: January 28th
• J. Cole - Blowin' Smoke: January 28th
• J. Cole - Bitchez ft. Bas & Omen: January 28th
• Treasure Davis - May the Bitter Man Win ft. J. Cole: January 28th
• J. Cole - Crooked Smile (Original): January 28th
• Bas - My Nigga Just Made Bail ft. J. Cole: April 29th
• J. Cole - Be Free: August 15th
• Maroon 5 - Animals (Remix) ft. J. Cole: September 29th
• Cozz - Knock tha Hustle (Remix) ft. J. Cole: October 3rd
• Jessie Ware - Kind Of...Sometimes...Maybe (Remix) ft. J. Cole: October 22nd
• J. Cole - Intro (2014 Forest Hills Drive): December 5th
• J. Cole - January 28th: December 9th
• J. Cole - Wet Dreamz: December 9th
• J. Cole - 03' Adolescence: December 9th
• J. Cole - A Tale of 2 Citiez: December 9th
• J. Cole - Fire Squad: December 9th
• J. Cole - St. Tropez: December 9th
• J. Cole - G.O.M.D.: December 9th
• J. Cole - No Role Modelz: December 9th
• J. Cole - Hello: December 9th
• J. Cole - Apparently: December 9th
• J. Cole - Love Yourz: December 9th
• J. Cole - Note to Self: December 9th2015:• Jeremih - Planez ft. J. Cole: January 27th
• Wale - The Pessimist ft. J. Cole: March 31st
• Boosie Badazz - Black Heaven ft. Keyshia Cole & J. Cole: May 26th
• Donnie Trumpet & The Social Experiment - Warm Enough ft. J. Cole & Noname: May 28th
• Omen - Things Change ft. J. Cole: July 21st
• Janet Jackson - No Sleeep ft. J. Cole: July 22nd
• Trae tha Truth - Children Of Men ft. J. Cole & Ink: July 24th
• J. Cole - Black Friday: November 27th
• Bas - Night Job ft. J. Cole: December 4th
• J. Cole - Folgers Crystals: December 8th
• J. Cole - Caged Bird ft. Omen: December 8th2016:• J. Cole - Intro (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - January 28th (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - Wet Dreamz (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - 03' Adolescence (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - A Tale of 2 Citiez (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - Fire Squad (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - St. Tropez (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - Intermission (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - G.O.M.D. (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - No Role Modelz (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - Hello (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - Apparently (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - Love Yourz (Live): January 28th
• DJ Khaled - Jermaine’s Interlude ft. EARTHGANG & J. Cole: July 29th
• Spillage Village - Can't Call It ft. Bas, JID, EARTHGANG & J. Cole: November 8th
• J. Cole - False Prophets: December 1st
• J. Cole - ​everybody dies: December 2nd
• J. Cole - For Whom the Bell Tolls: December 9th
• J. Cole - Immortal: December 9th
• J. Cole - Deja Vu: December 9th
• J. Cole - Ville Mentality: December 9th
• J. Cole - She’s Mine, Pt. 1: December 9th
• J. Cole - Change: December 9th
• J. Cole - Neighbors: December 9th
• J. Cole - Foldin Clothes: December 9th
• J. Cole - She’s Mine, Pt. 2: December 9th
• J. Cole - 4 Your Eyez Only: December 9th2017:• J. Cole - High for Hours: January 16th
• Joey Bada$$ - LEGENDARY ft. J. Cole: April 7th
• Logic - AfricAryaN ft. Neil deGrasse Tyson & J. Cole: May 5th
• Salomon Faye - Live And Learn ft. Eryn Allen Kane & J. Cole: November 9th
• Miguel - Come Through and Chill ft. Salaam Remi & J. Cole: November 27th
• Jeezy - American Dream ft. J. Cole & Kendrick Lamar: December 14th2018:• Cozz - Zendaya ft. J. Cole: February 13th
• Royce da 5'9" - Boblo Boat ft. J. Cole: March 23rd
• ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​kiLL edward - Tidal Wave: April 18th
• J. Cole - Intro (KOD): April 20th
• J. Cole - KOD: April 20th
• J. Cole - Photograph: April 20th
• J. Cole - The Cut Off ft. kiLL edward: April 20th
• J. Cole - ATM: April 20th
• J. Cole - Motiv8: April 20th
• J. Cole - Kevin’s Heart: April 20th
• J. Cole - BRACKETS: April 20th
• J. Cole - Once an Addict (Interlude): April 20th
• J. Cole - FRIENDS ft. kiLL edward: April 20th
• J. Cole - Window Pain (Outro): April 20th
• J. Cole - 1985 (Intro to "The Fall Off"): April 20th
• Jay Rock - OSOM ft. J. Cole: June 15th
• J. Cole - Album of the Year (Freestyle): August 7th
• Bas & J. Cole - Tribe: August 22nd
• 6LACK - Pretty Little Fears ft. J. Cole: September 14th
• Wale - My Boy (Freestyle) ft. J. Cole: September 14th
• Rapsody - Sojourner ft. J. Cole: October 26th
• Moneybagg Yo - Say Na ft. J. Cole: November 2nd
• JID & J. Cole - Off Deez: November 6th
• Ari Lennox & J. Cole - Shea Butter Baby: November 16th
• Anderson .Paak - Trippy ft. J. Cole: November 16th
• 21 Savage - ​a lot ft. J. Cole: December 21st2019:• J. Cole - MIDDLE CHILD: January 23rd
• Offset - How Did I Get Here ft. J. Cole: February 22nd
• Ty Dolla $ign - Purple Emoji ft. J. Cole: May 20th
• Young Thug - The London ft. J. Cole & Travis Scott: May 23rd
• Dreamville - Down Bad ft. EARTHGANG, J. Cole, Bas, JID & Young Nudy: June 12th
• Dreamville, J. Cole & Lute - Under the Sun ft. DaBaby & Kendrick Lamar: July 5th
• Dreamville, J. Cole, JID, Cozz & EARTHGANG - 1993 ft. Buddy & Smino: July 5th
• Dreamville, JID & J. Cole - Rembrandt...Run It Back ft. Vince Staples: July 5th
• Dreamville, EARTHGANG & J. Cole - Sacrifices ft. Smino & Saba: July 5th
• Big K.R.I.T. - Prove It ft. J. Cole: July 12th
• Gang Starr - Family and Loyalty ft. J. Cole: September 20th2020:• J. Cole - Snow on tha Bluff: June 16th
• J. Cole - t h e . c l i m b . b a c k: July 22nd
• J. Cole - Lion King on Ice: July 22nd2021:• J. Cole - ​i n t e r l u d e: May 7th
• J. Cole - 9 5 . s o u t h: May 14th
• J. Cole - ​​a m a r i: May 14th
• J. Cole, 21 Savage & Morray - ​​m y . l i f e: May 14th
• J. Cole - a p p l y i n g . p r e s s u r e: May 14th
• J. Cole - p u n c h i n ’ . t h e . c l o c k: May 14th
• J. Cole & Bas - 1 0 0 . m i l ’: May 14th
• J. Cole & Lil Baby - p r i d e . i s . t h e . d e v i l: May 14th
• J. Cole, Bas & 6LACK - ​l e t . g o . m y . h a n d: May 14th
• J. Cole - c l o s e: May 14th
• J. Cole & Bas - h u n g e r . o n . h i l l s i d e: May 14th
• Bas & J. Cole -  ft. Lil Tjay: July 9th
• Dreamville & J. Cole - Heavens EP: September 21st
• Joyner Lucas & J. Cole - Your Heart: September 24th
• Wale - Poke It Out ft. J. Cole: September 30th
• Young Thug - Stressed ft. J. Cole & T-Shyne: October 15th
• Travis Scott - MAFIA ft. J. Cole: November 5th2022:• Benny the Butcher & J. Cole - Johnny P’s Caddy: January 28th
• YG - Scared Money ft. J. Cole & Moneybagg Yo: February 4th
• EARTHGANG, JID & J. Cole - WATERBOYZ: February 25th
• Dreamville, JID & J. Cole - Stick ft. Sheck Wes & Kenny Mason: March 31st
• Dreamville & J. Cole - Freedom of Speech: March 31st
• BIA - LONDON ft. J. Cole: April 8th
• Drake - Jimmy Cooks ft. 21 Savage & J. Cole: June 17th
• JID - 2007 ft. J. Cole: August 18th
• Smino - 90 Proof ft. J. Cole: September 30th2023:• J. Cole - procrastination (broke): January 18th
• Dreamville & J. Cole - Adonis Interlude (The Montage): March 3rd
• ​j-hope & J. Cole - on the street: March 3rd
• ​Lil Durk - All My Life ft. J. Cole: May 12th
• ​Summer Walker - To Summer, From Cole (Audio Hug) ft. J. Cole: May 19th
• ​J. Cole & Bas - Passport Bros: July 19th
• Burna Boy - Thanks ft. J. Cole: August 25th
• Gucci Mane - There I Go ft. J. Cole & Mike WiLL Made-It: August 25th
• Lil Yachty & J. Cole - The Secret Recipe: September 28th
• Drake - First Person Shooter ft. J. Cole: October 6th
• Drake - Evil Ways ft. J. Cole: November 17th
• Nicki Minaj - Let Me Calm Down ft. J. Cole: December 8th
• Bas & J. Cole - Paper Cuts: December 15th
• Bas & J. Cole - Home Alone: December 15thEmbed


Track: Royal Flush

Lyrics:
33 ContributorsRoyal Flush Lyrics
Yeah, this is the... warm up

Okay, I roll up, hold up, look at how I showed up
I blowed up, had a hole up in my pocket, now it's sewed up
They feinin' for that crack, you know that rock, I got that product
You niggas tryna stop it, better load up, I hang my coat up
Aye, I'm gon' be here for a while so I smile, haters
I'm on that green like a flower, like an alligator
Now or later, I'm serving niggas; I'm a sound waiter
Just tell me what you want, I bring that back an hour later
Look how I cater, dog what you afraid of? Nothing
They talking gangsta without no data, they fronting
Jackie-Chan, Jean-Claude-Van-Dam, straight stunting
I wish a nigga would say something
I'm a Carolina nigga, boy I got it on my back
Piggy back style I ain't talking 'bout no tat
And I'ma rep the Ville in every city that I'm at
And I guarantee I'm bringing home plaques
Shoutout to my brother Zach, and my mother, I love ya

Yea look ain't that about a bitch? This nigga on his own dick
They say I'm like the human body, I produce my own shit
And I toot my horns, a star when I was born
My name ain't James, my word is bond
Yea shoutout to Canibus, had a similar line 98-99
Damn, that was the times never mind dwelling in the past
You're listening to the future
The flows gets tighter, them hoes get looser
Then they wanna seduce ya like Medusa, be cool
I said I got a girl, she told me, "Me too!"
So that must mean you want a nigga to eat that seafood
Baby don't be foolish but call her I'll watch her do it
You might also like

Yea and this is only "The Warm Up" yea7Embed


Track: Dollar and a Dream II

Lyrics:
49 ContributorsDollar and a Dream II Lyrics
Yeah, aye wassup man? Aye, uh, aye look man, can I- can I get on- can I just get on this bus? All I got is a dollar fifty, I'm just sayin'. I just tryna get- I'm tryna get on the bus, man. I ain't got no mon- all I got is a dollar fifty, I don't go two dollars. Man, fuck you and yo' bus, nigga!
(Yeah)
Hey, hey (Yeah, got a dollar and a dream)
Yeah, yeah
I got a dollar and a dream (Yeah), yeah
I got a dollar and a dream, real niggas on my team (Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey)
Everything ain't what it seems
I got a dollar and a dream, hey (Hey, I'm dreamin')

Ayy, ayy, I got a dollar and a dream, real niggas on my team
Everything ain't what it seems (Uh)
Niggas hating but I love them even though they trying to scheme
But I'm past that (Past that), a nigga's stock is rising like the Nasdaq (Uh-huh)
They say I’m the future but yet I’m giving niggas flashbacks
Of better days when you ain't have to settle for whatever played
I represent the struggle, nigga, I say what they never say
Whenever they spit that bullshit they spittin'
This that pulpit, I’m hittin' niggas with the gospel (And the lord said)
Hostile with them hoes, I got a dollar in my pocket plus a dream
Yeah you laughing my nigga but everything ain't what it seems
What it means to know your mama or your father on that pipe
On that hard white, I’ll tell you what them scars like
I’m speaking through these bars like a nigga in the jail
Tired of siftin' through my mail, I feel like Cartwright, bills (Bills and bills and bills)
For real, a nigga ill
Just let me do the talkin', man, I know how niggas feel
You might also like
I got a dollar and a dream, real niggas on my team
Everything ain't what it seems
(God damn, nigga. These motherfuckin' bill collectors, man)
I got a dollar and a dream, real niggas on my team
Everything ain't what it seems
(Can't even God damn turn on my phone without these nigga ringin' me up)
I got a dollar and a dream, real niggas on my team
Everything ain't what it seems
(They tryna call me from different numbers and shit. Tryna- tryna fool me, nigga. I'm Lil Cole, nigga!)
Yeah, got a dollar and a dream, real niggas on my team
Everything ain't what it seems, yeah

I got a dolla and a dream, real niggas on my team
Everything ain't what it seem
Every lady ain't no ho and every bitch sure ain't no queen
Every nigga ain't no dog and every nigga ain't no king (Uh-huh)
Shit be happening for a reason, everything is everything
Every nigga can't dunk, some white man can jump (Haha)
They shootin' niggas 'fore they even tell 'em put their hands up
Crooked cops got a nigga scared to drive
Probably thinkin' that I’m slangin', man, I see it in their eyes
But inside of my pocket is a dollar, plus a dream
Yeah, you swear your girl is faithful; everything ain't what it seems
See, I seen how she glance and looked away like she want it
I ain't sayin' I'ma fuck her, but I could if I wanted
Know it hurts that she flirt with a nigga, this is worse
I bet if I was to hit it, man I wouldn’t be the first (Nah)
This is church, this is gospel (And the lord said)
Spit it like I get it from the Bible for your survival
I got a dollar and a dream, real niggas on my team
Everything ain't what it seems (Yeah, ayy, yeah-yeah-yeah)
Ayy, I got a dollar and a dream, real niggas on my team
Everything ain't what it seems (Uh-uh, uh, uh)
Ayy, I got a dollar and a dream, real niggas on my team (Wait 'til I get my money ri- hehehehe)
Everything ain't what it seem
Yeah, I got a dollar and a dream, yeah, I got a dollar and a dream
(Wait 'til I get my money right, I'm dreamin')

Check it
Aye Sallie, I know I ain't been answerin' your calls (Aww, not this bitch, yeah)
But shit, let me explain- (I can explain, I can explain)
It's because times been hard
Been runnin' 'round tryna find a job (I can't get no job)
I hear my phone ringing in the morning, 9 o’clock
And it's you (God damn), can't even front, I press ignore (Yeah)
I still got your letters layin' in my dresser drawer (Haha)
You tellin' me about all the things you did for me (I know, I know, I know, I know)
When I was broke, you sent me dough and that was big for me (I know, I know, big for me)
See you was there every year when I needed you
And you were so quick to give I had to be with you
Remember when I used to call you on your phone line
I knew it was official when my mama cosigned (Haha, yeah)
But in no time, a nigga graduated
I hit the real world, baby girl, I'm sad to say it
But I was usin' you, you gave a nigga major stacks (Major stacks)
And I know in my heart one day that I'm gon' pay you back
I got a dollar and a dream
I'll pay you back. Look, can we- can we set up some type of payment plan or somethin'? Like, you know what I'm sayin'? Like, you know? I just graduated six months ago so you know, times is kinda- times is kinda hard, baby. I- I just- can I just pay you like a lil' bit right now and then I pay you- I pay you the rest next- next month when I get paid. Can I just do somethin' like that? I gotta- I'm not even gon' lie to you, I don't, I don't really have it right now. I gotta pay how much? Five thousand dol- Aw, nigga is you crazy? Bitch you lucky I even answered the phone, I shouldn't have even picked up this motherfucker, I s- Look, what's ya- what's ya name? Can I- can I speak to a manager? You are the manager? Look, look can I speak to yo' manager? Who's- who owns this motherfucker? Let me talk to the owner! God damn it, I ain't- y'all niggas crazy... hahaha7Embed


Track: Water Break (Interlude)

Lyrics:
44 ContributorsWater Break (Interlude) Lyrics
I feel like we should just, you know, keep the world in suspense no longer
Yeah
And you know, just put J. Cole on the spot
Wooooo!
Yeah, is there anyway you can turn me up? Yeah, yeah
We got Roc Nation's first artist in here, J. Cole
Yeah, hey
On the spot
Yeah, there's no way to turn me up?
Got that?
If not, it's all good
Yeah, hey, hey, hey

I bet they never seen him comin'
Like a blind bitch you fuckin' from behind
It's the motherfuckin' dime, bitch I'm fucking up rewind buttons
My shit is jumping like Lebron
Fayettenam on my back like some scratches from your lady
On your mattress where they gave me that
I bet niggas can't wait to pay me back
While they relax, I stay in tip-top shape
And I stay up on my toes like some gym socks, flip-flops
Tell them hater to rehab, kick rocks
Game tight like Ziploc
Half-Black, other half white like Kid Rock
Try to tell it to a cizz-op
Thought it would work, it did not
He told me "Nigga stizz-op, you know you is not"
Wrote the ticket and rizz-ocked
Fuck, this is for hip-hop, gassed up like a quick stop
They lit a fire under my ass nigga my shit hot
Even if you squatted over volcanoes, niggas your shit not
I'm raw, but I kid not
Your shit flop, I give props to the legends
Praise God but I give not to the reverends
Lookin' up to the heavens like
"Where did all my blessings go?" You chase a dream
But then you stop, guess you'll never know
I got a show for you to watch, here's an episode, professional
Set to blow any minute now, many women smile
Look the lights and the action, and the cameras be callin'
You niggas got to log in, bitch, you fantasy ballin'
I snuck up like I planned to be, this ain’t random, we called it
Like once they get a hit of this, they hooked like that Twitter shit
Thought I get a deal and head straight to the dealership
But looking at my deal I probably can't afford benefits
Medical, dental shit, left but I always came
Back like a rent-a-whip, dirty ass game
Dog, I could run a kennel with all these bitch niggas
Who don't lift a finger yet they wanna ride in the limo with
Me, I switch the tempo on them sort of like Timbo on em'
Start talking that "we" shit, I pause Nintendo on 'em (hahaha!)
Start talking that beef shit, I turn to kimbo on em'
I got no words for these niggas I'm instrumental on em'
Yeah! And I'll still keep goin', keep flowin'
You might also like
Woooo! J. Cole! Yeah, J. Cole! Woo!
I don't think he's done, man, we need more
Yeah
I feel like he's not done, (Yeah) I feel like he's not done
He need's more, man5Embed


Track: Heartache

Lyrics:
39 ContributorsHeartache Lyrics
Yeah yeah yeah
Elite Elite Elite, Elite
Ya know

Yeah, yeah
Slim nigga, lyrically on my limbs
Bigga then a nigga hittin' the gym
Regular benchpressin' the bar
Ten steps up from y'all, you could follow my lead
If you shoot for the stars, I guess you aimin' at me
But please hold your applause
Y'all holdin' up the wall goddammit I'm on the flo'
Good Lord, can't you see me gettin' down on a ho
And she drop it so low she sittin down on the flo'
I never pound with the flo', at times I wonder
Aye when they listen to my shit man can they hear my hunger?
Or will these hatin' ass rappers try to steal my thunder
Aye this is big shit poppin', you gon' need a plunger
To take me under, niggas in trouble
You lookin' at LeBron James of the game
I could do anything that you name
I could blaze any rapper in the game that you bring
Pour gasoline on the brain, got the flame for that
So you hatin' niggas refrain from that
A little bitter 'cause yo game is whack
I'll let Elite breathe, yeah
I'll let Elite breathe, yeah
You might also like
Aye you ain't gotta cry, don't worry 'bout me
I know it won't be long 'fore you hear about me
My head's to the sky and I'm on my grind
I'm reachin' for the clouds, tryna take what's mine
Take what's mine
Hey, hey

A dollar and a dream, that's all a nigga got
So, if it's 'bout that C.R.E.A.M, then I'm all up in the spot
I'm just warmin' up, I'm hot but nah, I ain't flashin'
I never gave a fuck about no high-end fashion
And maybe I was too broke, maybe I'm just too dope
To rap about that regular shit, or bag a regular bitch
These niggas talkin' like they on the next level and shit
But Cole's flow so cold, Bet the devil get sick
How do you want it? So sick I make you mentally vomit
These rappers askin' for beats and they ain't even fit to be on it
I see 'em writin' about rappers, I should be sick to my stomach
Because they talk 'bout the future but didn't mention me on it
So now I'm back in the kitchen, cookin' I'm meant to be one of the greatest
No niggas seein' me, this century us and you hate it
Look how I played it, other niggas was jaded
Under-appreciated, now Carolina is rated
I let Elite breathe, yeah
Hey, uh uh uh
I let Elite breathe, yeah
Aye you ain't gotta cry, don't worry 'bout me
I know it won't be long 'fore you hear about me
My head's to the sky and I'm on my grind
I'm reachin' for the clouds, tryna take what's mine
Take what's mine
Hey, hey4Embed


Track: Get Away

Lyrics:
38 ContributorsGet Away Lyrics
LA, NC, NY, The Chi, yeah, hey, yeah

I wake up, hop out the shower spray cologne on while I'm dressing
They hollering 'bout recession so my niggas out here stressing
But bitch, I'm live and breathing so to me that there's a blessing
See life is like a test that I ain't never got no F in
Stepping out today, I gotta leave the crib, Momma stressing out, I pray
That ain't nobody gon' pull the weapon out and spray
'Cause I don't got no strap
And ever since we hit depression, niggas don't know how to act
In fact, there goes some niggas there, hating, I feel the stare
Me verse you shining, that's like a diamond and silverware
Let y'all feel the glare I gotta go now
I'm riding through the city with the windows rolled down
Shorty hollered, so I pulled up beside her, I'm fronting, “What's your name?”
She told me, “Boy, you know me, don't play no games
Now, look, they say you're blowing up, hey, is it true, fired up?”
I say, “Girl, they wasn't kidding like they tubes tied up"

I'm hollering hey
Good God, what a day
I gotta say it feels good to get away
Where ain't nobody stressing over shit they got to pay
Ay tell me what's work without play
All my niggas hollering hey
Good God, what a day
Hey baby girl, tell me can you get away?
Where ain't nobody hollering 'bout the problems of the world
It's just me and my favorite girl
Now all around they holler
You might also like
Okay so word been spreading
That I done jetted to New York, I was up there doing my thing
So now some folks I used to know is hollering out “J. Cole!”
I got to chuckle 'cause I know they used to say Jermaine, so who changed?
What's in name though, when niggas can't hang on your shoestrings?
The flow insane plus I got that flamethrow, that Liu Kang
Even in the winter we bring feelings of summer Suzanne
We get them hooked like T-Pain, and scoop them hoes like loose change
Can you blame me? I'm just a boy straight out the Ville
These wangsta-ass niggas getting played out for real
You acting like you trill, nigga you bet' not!
You talking out your ass, you finna get your head rocked
This is where they shooting sideways, boys getting blazed
Can't afford to fly so we get high to get away
Now come here ladies, see we tryna get you loose, pour it up
Take this juice, we gon' mix it with this Goose, don't throw it up

I'm hollering hey
Good God, what a day
I gotta say it feels good to get away
Where ain't nobody stressing over shit they got to pay
Ay tell me what's work without play
All my niggas hollering hey
Good God, what a day
Hey baby girl tell me can you get away?
Where ain't nobody hollering 'bout the problems of the world
It's just me and my favorite girl
Now all around they holler
Yeah, hey, yeah, hey, yeah8Embed


Track: Knock Knock

Lyrics:
36 ContributorsKnock Knock Lyrics
Yea
We fresh off motherfuckin South Beach
Yea, uh

Sometimes play the villain, sometimes play the hero
Sometimes I be Dilla, sometimes I be Preemo
Sometimes I be feeling, I got a big ego
Other times a nigga swim around like Nemo
Uh, small fish in a big ass pond
Pushed around like a mower on a big ass lawn
I get my weight up, inflate up
And make these old niggas open the gate up
At the mansions that they laid up in
Like, "Hello, my name is Cole", I'm walking right up in, and well no
Don't give a fuck if you gon' hate it man, hey fellow
Either you follow me or swallow me bitch
And I done hit too many hoes to ever pause that shit
Now since I just seen my face up in the XXL
A few chicks want to text "let's chill", how obvious
Girls from all over the world is my hobby
And I got a chick who stay in DC like a lobbyist
My old chick from Raleigh that I still like to parley with
Just to hear that accent, now come and get that back bent
The moans turn to screams, I can feel her climaxing
Now if you faking that baby, you need to try acting
Hollywood shit, had a nigga feeling like the milkman
Deliver that through the body good dick
Feeling like I got game that karate couldn't kick
Therefore I'm bagging things that you probably wouldn't get, what up
I'ma talk until you tell me shut up
Uh, and we can walk the beach until the sun up
Huh, I ain't gon lie I'm trynna get some cut up
Ay, so what up
Hey, you heard that huh?
Oh you ain't heard of me? Well I prefer that
Uh, I text my number to you did you get that?
Huh, well when you lonely baby you can hit back
And I'll fix that
Tell me is you with that, hey
Ay tell me is you with that
Ay tell me is you with that
Yeah, ay baby is you with that? YeaYou might also like8Embed


Track: Ladies (Ft. Lee Fields & The Expressions)

Lyrics:
26 ContributorsLadies Lyrics
Yeah, hey, look

When she talk she so closed-minded
All she wanna do is shop, she so clothes minded
Wanna cop the latest 'fore them other hoes find it
Material girl yet somehow I don't mind it
Probably 'cause she so fine it'll blow your mind
She black and Pocahontas, laid back and blow that chronic
Ass so fat, wanna tat my logo on it
So any other nigga that a tap will know it's mine
I put in work overtime
Let me cut, mow the lawn, guarantee I blow your mind
She tried to play me 'til she learned I wrote a rhyme
"That's that nigga from the Ville that I heard that Hova signed
The rap form Lebron, oh girl, that boy the bomb
No chain around his neck, but better watch out for the charm"
You're not my daughter, um, but you can be my baby
Summertime, wintertime, anytime we looking for them ladies

Ladies, yeah
Ayy with your fat ass booty and your perty ass weave!
Beautiful ladies, yeah
Now I ain't tricking, but I got a couple tricks under my sleeve
Ladies, yeah
Now clap your hands one time if you know you look good
All you ladies, yeah
Now if you from the suburbs or the hood (Yeah, ayy, look)
Beautiful ladies
You might also like
She said "I got a man", well, baby I don't give a fuck
See me I understand, and I ain't tryna split you up
Okay, give me your number and later I'ma hit you up
If you sleep I get you up, ride over and pick you up
If it's clean I'll lick you up, yeah, do you research
I'll rock that ass to sleep and have you sleeping in my t-shirt
Just came home from getting my South Beach on
You know I ran the streets like a dog without a leash on
She tryna get her freak on, come hop up on this ski jet
You scared of that water or you just scared to get your weave wet?
Barely got your feet wet, yes, I know where we headed
Tryna see you throw it back, let's check your reflexes
Good Lord, didn't know what I was in for
You could be my cuddy buddy, baby, what are friends for?
I speed up the tempo, them other niggas lazy
Can't fuck with nuttin' younger than the eighties
I'm grown and I'm looking for some ladies, ladies, yeah

Ladies, yeah
Ayy with your fat ass booty and your perty ass weave!
Beautiful ladies, yeah
Now I ain't tricking, but I got a couple tricks under my sleeve
Ladies, yeah
Now clap your hands one time if you know you look good
All you ladies, yeah
Now if you from the suburbs or the hood (Yeah, ayy, look)
Beautiful ladies
Hey girl, what's your name?
Oh wow, you look so nice
I know you man is satisfied
Ayy, young lady, what's your name?
Oh wow, I know your man is pleased
All the way down to his knees
And what's your name?
Tell me, I know yo man is worried
About where you are tonight, huh
Well ladies, all you ladies
All over the world
I want you to help me sing this, here we go
Ladies
Beautiful ladies
Oh
Ladies
All of you ladies
Beautiful ladies4Embed


Track: Til' Infinity

Lyrics:
34 ContributorsTil’ Infinity Lyrics
Uh, yea
Let me warm up man, let me warm up man!
I got to warm up man!
Yea, Elite what up! Yeah Warm Up
Yeah, look

Niggas wanna know the formula for success
Shit, but I studied for this test
Ay nigga I'm better than the rest you just rest, boy please
Me I'm tryna stretch my treasure chest, like some double D breasts
So a nigga on a quest, no question
So I tell em birds no nesting
Laying in my bed, hope to lay a niggas egg
No, you'll never hatch mines
Baby, you don't match mines
I'm trynna shine like the bat sign, when it's crime
And the gats flyin up in Gotham, watch em
Far from a thug but I'll drop one
Far from a scrub but I'll mop em
Watch 'em better leave 'em alone like Stockton, when he retired
Shit, your shit is fire, boy stop
I don't buy it, boycott, stop lying
Ya shit is not hot man if niggas not buying
It's not rocket science
But the way I rock it help me build up my alliance
These niggas ain't playing in New York like the Giants, ha
A little line to show love to the city that got no love
Don't want to see a nigga grow rather see a nigga hold up
That's cold-blooded, well never to fail
If you can make it here, you can make it from heaven or hell
I'm just a little nigga straight out the Ville
Always been sick probably never get well
And no time soon, step to a nigga get 4 times 2
Bet the way I spit it leave your mind blew, with more rhymes due
Nigga you tryning who?
Shit, nigga you trying me? Bitch I'm better than all them niggas you tryna be
Shit, nigga you trying me? Bitch I'm better than all them niggas you tryna be
Look, it's no time to chill, I'm tryna get Mills
There's no time to chill, I'm tryna build
Bitch there's no time to chill, I'm tryna get Mills
There's no time to chill, I'm tryna build
Bitch there's no time to chill, I'm tryna get Mills
There's no time to chill, I'm tryna build
Bitch there's no time to chill I'm tryna get Mills
There's no time to chill nigga, yeahYou might also like2Embed


Track: The Badness (Ft. Omen)

Lyrics:
2 ContributorsJ. Cole  LyricsProjects:2007:• J. Cole - The Come Up Vol. 1: May 4th2009:• J. Cole - The Warm Up: June 15th2010:• J. Cole - Friday Night Lights: November 12th2011:• J. Cole - Any Given Sunday #1: July 31st
• J. Cole - Any Given Sunday #2: August 7th
• J. Cole - Any Given Sunday #5: September 4th
• J. Cole - Cole World: The Sideline Story: September 27th2013:• J. Cole - Truly Yours: February 12th
• J. Cole - Truly Yours 2: April 30th
• J. Cole - Born Sinner: June 18th2014:• Dreamville - Revenge of the Dreamers: January 28th
• J. Cole - 2014 Forеst Hills Drive: Decembеr 9th2015:• Dreamville - Revenge of the Dreamers II: December 8th2016:• J. Cole - Forest Hills Drive: Live from Fayetteville, NC: January 28th
• J. Cole - 4 Your Eyez Only: December 9th2018:• J. Cole - KOD: April 20th2019:• Dreamville - Revenge of the Dreamers III: July 5th2020:• Dreamville - Revenge of the Dreamers III: Director’s Cut: January 16th
• J. Cole - Lewis Street: July 22nd2021:• J. Cole - The Off-Season: May 14th2022:• Dreamville - D-Day: A Gangsta Grillz Mixtape: March 31st2023:• Dreamville - Creed III: The Soundtrack: March 3rdTracks:2007:• J. Cole - Intro (The Come Up Vol. 1): May 4th
• J. Cole - Simba: May 4th
• J. Cole - I'm the Man: May 4th
• J. Cole - School Daze: May 4th
• J. Cole - Dolla and A Dream: May 4th
• J. Cole - Throw It Up: May 4th
• J. Cole - Quote Me: May 4th
• J. Cole - College Boy: May 4th
• J. Cole - Split You Up: May 4th
• J. Cole - Plain (Skit): May 4th
• J. Cole - The Come Up: May 4th
• J. Cole - Mighty Crazy: May 4th
• J. Cole - Dead Presidents: May 4th
• J. Cole - Lil Ghetto Nigga: May 4th
• J. Cole - Homecoming: May 4th
• J. Cole - Carolina On My Mind ft. Deacon: May 4th
• J. Cole - Can't Cry: May 4th
• J. Cole - Goin Off: May 4th
• J. Cole - Rags to Riches (At The Beep): May 4th
• J. Cole - Get It: May 4th
• J. Cole - I Do My Thing ft. Nervous Reck: May 4th2009:• J. Cole - Shook Ones (Freestyle): June 10th
• J. Cole - Intro (The Warm Up): June 15th
• J. Cole - Welcome: June 15th
• J. Cole - Can I Live: June 15th
• J. Cole - Grown Simba: June 15th
• J. Cole - Just to Get By: June 15th
• J. Cole - Lights Please: June 15th
• J. Cole - Dead Presidents II: June 15th
• J. Cole - I Get Up: June 15th
• J. Cole - World is Empty: June 15th
• J. Cole - Dreams ft. Brandon Hines: June 15th
• J. Cole - Royal Flush: June 15th
• J. Cole - Dollar and a Dream II: June 15th
• J. Cole - Water Break (Interlude): June 15th
• J. Cole - Heartache: June 15th
• J. Cole - Get Away: June 15th
• J. Cole - Knock Knock: June 15th
• J. Cole - Ladies: June 15th
• J. Cole - Til’ Infinity: June 15th
• J. Cole - The Badness ft. Omen: June 15th
• J. Cole - Hold It Down: June 15th
• J. Cole - Last Call: June 15th
• J. Cole - Losing My Balance: June 15th
• Wale - Rather Be (Vagina Is For Lovers) ft. Curren$y & J. Cole: June 19th
• JAY-Z - A Star Is Born ft. J. Cole: September 8th
• Wale - Beautiful Bliss ft. Melanie Fiona & J. Cole: November 10th2010:• B.o.B - Gladiators ft. J. Cole: February 1st
• Reflection Eternal - Just Begun ft. Jay Electronica, J. Cole & Yasiin Bey: May 18th
• Young Chris - Still the Hottest ft. J. Cole: May 19th
• Miguel - All I Want Is You ft. J. Cole: May 25th
• J. Cole - Who Dat: May 31st
• Yo Gotti - Look In The Mirror (Remix) ft. Wiz Khalifa, J. Cole & Wale: September 29th
• Fashawn - Relaxation ft. J. Cole & Omen: October 4th
• Kanye West - Looking for Trouble ft. Pusha T, CyHi, Big Sean & J. Cole: November 5th
• J. Cole - Friday Night Lights (Intro): November 12th
• J. Cole - Too Deep for the Intro: November 12th
• J. Cole - Before I'm Gone: November 12th
• J. Cole - Back to the Topic (Freestyle): November 12th
• J. Cole - You Got It ft. Wale: November 12th
• J. Cole - Villematic: November 12th
• J. Cole - Enchanted ft. Omen: November 12th
• J. Cole - Blow Up: November 12th
• J. Cole - Higher: November 12th
• J. Cole - In the Morning ft. Drake: November 12th
• J. Cole - 2Face: November 12th
• J. Cole - The Autograph: November 12th
• J. Cole - Best Friend: November 12th
• J. Cole - Cost Me a Lot: November 12th
• J. Cole - Premeditated Murder: November 12th
• J. Cole - Home for the Holidays: November 12th
• J. Cole - Love Me Not: November 12th
• J. Cole - See World: November 12th
• J. Cole - Farewell: November 12th
• Sean Garrett - Feel Love ft. J. Cole: December 10th
• Keri Hilson - Buyou ft. J. Cole: December 17th2011:• Rihanna - S&M (J. Cole Remix) ft. J. Cole: January 18th
• Chip - Champion (Remix) ft. J. Cole & Chris Brown: February 5th
• J. Cole - Killers: March 15th
• J. Cole - Return Of Simba: May 23rd
• Wale - Fitted Cap ft. Meek Mill, Rick Ross & J. Cole: May 23rd
• J. Cole - Work Out: June 15th
• Wale - Bad Girls Club ft. J. Cole: July 14th
• J. Cole - Like a Star: July 31st
• J. Cole - Knock on Wood (Freestyle): July 31st
• J. Cole - Pity ft. Voli Contra & Omen: July 31st
• J. Cole - How High: July 31st
• J. Cole - Unabomber: July 31st
• J. Cole - Bring Em In: August 7th
• J. Cole - Roll Call: August 7th
• J. Cole - Be (Freestyle): August 7th
• Maejor - Trouble ft. J. Cole: August 11th
• Elle Varner - Only Wanna Give It To You ft. J. Cole: August 16th
• J. Cole - Can't Get Enough ft. Trey Songz: September 1st
• J. Cole - Heavy: September 4th
• J. Cole - Neverland: September 4th
• J. Cole - Who Datt Pt. 2 ft. Childish Gambino & SD: September 7th
• J. Cole - Breakdown: September 11th
• J. Cole - Mr. Nice Watch ft. JAY-Z: September 14th
• J. Cole - Intro: September 27th
• J. Cole - Dollar and a Dream III: September 27th
• J. Cole - Interlude (Cole World): September 27th
• J. Cole - Sideline Story: September 27th
• J. Cole - Cole World: September 27th
• J. Cole - Lost Ones: September 27th
• J. Cole - Never Told: September 27th
• J. Cole - Rise and Shine: September 27th
• J. Cole - God's Gift: September 27th
• J. Cole - Daddy's Little Girl: September 27th
• DJ Drama - Undercover ft. J. Cole & Chris Brown: October 11th
• Beyoncé - Party (Remix) ft. J. Cole: October 24th
• Omen - Mama Told Me ft. J. Cole: November 6th
• Elite - World Premiere ft. J. Cole: November 11th
• Red Cafe - Fly Together (Remix) ft. J. Cole, Wale & Trey Songz: December 9th
• Tinie Tempah - Like It Or Love It ft. Wretch 32 & J. Cole: December 16th2012:• Maejor - Trouble (Remix) ft. Nelly, Wale, T-Pain, Trey Songz & J. Cole: January 13th
• J. Cole - Nobody's Perfect ft. Missy Elliott: February 7th
• Tyga - Let It Show ft. J. Cole: February 21st
• J. Cole - Grew Up Fast: February 22nd
• J. Cole - Visionz of Home: March 2nd
• Melanie Fiona - This Time ft. J. Cole: March 20th
• J. Cole - The Cure: July 26th
• DJ Khaled - They Ready ft. J. Cole, Big K.R.I.T. & Kendrick Lamar: August 21st
• Rita Ora - Love and War ft. J. Cole: August 27th
• Trae tha Truth - I'm On 2.0 ft. Big K.R.I.T., J. Cole, Kendrick Lamar, Jadakiss, B.o.B, Gudda Gudda, Bun B, Tyga & Mark Morrison: August 29th
• Lil Wayne - Green Ranger ft. J. Cole: September 3rd
• Big Sean - 24k of Gold ft. J. Cole & Jhené Aiko: September 5th
• J. Cole - I'm a Fool: September 17th
• Kendrick Lamar - The Jig Is Up (Dump’n) ft. J. Cole: October 20th
• Selah Sue - Raggamuffin (Remix) ft. J. Cole: November 5th
• J. Cole - Miss America: November 13th
• French Montana - Diamonds ft. J. Cole & Rick Ross: November 19th
• Fabolous - Louis Vuitton ft. J. Cole: November 22nd
• The Game - Pray ft. JMSN & J. Cole: December 11th2013:• J. Cole - Can I Holla At Ya: February 12th
• J. Cole - Crunch Time: February 12th
• J. Cole - Rise Above: February 12th
• J. Cole - Tears for ODB: February 12th
• J. Cole - Stay: February 12th
• J. Cole - Power Trip ft. Miguel: February 14th
• J. Cole - Maine On Fire: April 18th
• J. Cole - Cole Summer: April 30th
• J. Cole - Kenny Lofton ft. Jeezy: April 30th
• J. Cole - Chris Tucker ft. 2 Chainz: April 30th
• J. Cole - Head Bussa: April 30th
• J. Cole - Cousins ft. Bas: April 30th
• J. Cole - 3 Wishes: April 30th
• J. Cole - Niggaz Know: May 30th
• J. Cole - Crooked Smile ft. TLC: June 4th
• Bas - Lit ft. KQuick & J. Cole: June 17th
• J. Cole - Villuminati: June 18th
• J. Cole - Kerney Sermon (Skit): June 18th
• J. Cole - LAnd of the Snakes: June 18th
• J. Cole - Mo Money (Interlude): June 18th
• J. Cole - Trouble: June 18th
• J. Cole - Runaway: June 18th
• J. Cole - Rich Niggaz: June 18th
• J. Cole - Where’s Jermaine (Skit): June 18th
• J. Cole - Forbidden Fruit ft. Kendrick Lamar: June 18th
• J. Cole - Chaining Day: June 18th
• J. Cole - Ain't That Some Shit (Interlude): June 18th
• J. Cole - Let Nas Down: June 18th
• J. Cole - Born Sinner ft. James Fauntleroy: June 18th
• J. Cole - New York Times ft. Bas & 50 Cent: June 18th
• J. Cole - Is She Gon Pop: June 18th
• J. Cole - Sparks Will Fly ft. Jhené Aiko: June 18th
• Drake - Jodeci Freestyle ft. J. Cole: June 22nd
• Elijah Blake - Vendetta ft. J. Cole: July 2nd
• Wale - Winter Schemes ft. J. Cole: July 9th
• DJ Khaled - Hell's Kitchen ft. Bas & J. Cole: October 22nd
• J. Cole - She Knows ft. Amber Coffman & Cults: October 29th
• Yo Gotti - Cold Blood ft. Canei Finch & J. Cole: November 19th
• Justin Timberlake - TKO (Black Friday Remix) ft. A$AP Rocky, Pusha T & J. Cole: December 16th2014:• Wale - Black Grammys ft. Rockie Fresh, Meek Mill & J. Cole: January 26th
• J. Cole - Lil’ Niggaz (Snippet): January 28th
• J. Cole - Revenge of the Dreamers: January 28th
• J. Cole - Blowin' Smoke: January 28th
• J. Cole - Bitchez ft. Bas & Omen: January 28th
• Treasure Davis - May the Bitter Man Win ft. J. Cole: January 28th
• J. Cole - Crooked Smile (Original): January 28th
• Bas - My Nigga Just Made Bail ft. J. Cole: April 29th
• J. Cole - Be Free: August 15th
• Maroon 5 - Animals (Remix) ft. J. Cole: September 29th
• Cozz - Knock tha Hustle (Remix) ft. J. Cole: October 3rd
• Jessie Ware - Kind Of...Sometimes...Maybe (Remix) ft. J. Cole: October 22nd
• J. Cole - Intro (2014 Forest Hills Drive): December 5th
• J. Cole - January 28th: December 9th
• J. Cole - Wet Dreamz: December 9th
• J. Cole - 03' Adolescence: December 9th
• J. Cole - A Tale of 2 Citiez: December 9th
• J. Cole - Fire Squad: December 9th
• J. Cole - St. Tropez: December 9th
• J. Cole - G.O.M.D.: December 9th
• J. Cole - No Role Modelz: December 9th
• J. Cole - Hello: December 9th
• J. Cole - Apparently: December 9th
• J. Cole - Love Yourz: December 9th
• J. Cole - Note to Self: December 9th2015:• Jeremih - Planez ft. J. Cole: January 27th
• Wale - The Pessimist ft. J. Cole: March 31st
• Boosie Badazz - Black Heaven ft. Keyshia Cole & J. Cole: May 26th
• Donnie Trumpet & The Social Experiment - Warm Enough ft. J. Cole & Noname: May 28th
• Omen - Things Change ft. J. Cole: July 21st
• Janet Jackson - No Sleeep ft. J. Cole: July 22nd
• Trae tha Truth - Children Of Men ft. J. Cole & Ink: July 24th
• J. Cole - Black Friday: November 27th
• Bas - Night Job ft. J. Cole: December 4th
• J. Cole - Folgers Crystals: December 8th
• J. Cole - Caged Bird ft. Omen: December 8th2016:• J. Cole - Intro (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - January 28th (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - Wet Dreamz (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - 03' Adolescence (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - A Tale of 2 Citiez (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - Fire Squad (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - St. Tropez (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - Intermission (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - G.O.M.D. (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - No Role Modelz (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - Hello (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - Apparently (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - Love Yourz (Live): January 28th
• DJ Khaled - Jermaine’s Interlude ft. EARTHGANG & J. Cole: July 29th
• Spillage Village - Can't Call It ft. Bas, JID, EARTHGANG & J. Cole: November 8th
• J. Cole - False Prophets: December 1st
• J. Cole - ​everybody dies: December 2nd
• J. Cole - For Whom the Bell Tolls: December 9th
• J. Cole - Immortal: December 9th
• J. Cole - Deja Vu: December 9th
• J. Cole - Ville Mentality: December 9th
• J. Cole - She’s Mine, Pt. 1: December 9th
• J. Cole - Change: December 9th
• J. Cole - Neighbors: December 9th
• J. Cole - Foldin Clothes: December 9th
• J. Cole - She’s Mine, Pt. 2: December 9th
• J. Cole - 4 Your Eyez Only: December 9th2017:• J. Cole - High for Hours: January 16th
• Joey Bada$$ - LEGENDARY ft. J. Cole: April 7th
• Logic - AfricAryaN ft. Neil deGrasse Tyson & J. Cole: May 5th
• Salomon Faye - Live And Learn ft. Eryn Allen Kane & J. Cole: November 9th
• Miguel - Come Through and Chill ft. Salaam Remi & J. Cole: November 27th
• Jeezy - American Dream ft. J. Cole & Kendrick Lamar: December 14th2018:• Cozz - Zendaya ft. J. Cole: February 13th
• Royce da 5'9" - Boblo Boat ft. J. Cole: March 23rd
• ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​kiLL edward - Tidal Wave: April 18th
• J. Cole - Intro (KOD): April 20th
• J. Cole - KOD: April 20th
• J. Cole - Photograph: April 20th
• J. Cole - The Cut Off ft. kiLL edward: April 20th
• J. Cole - ATM: April 20th
• J. Cole - Motiv8: April 20th
• J. Cole - Kevin’s Heart: April 20th
• J. Cole - BRACKETS: April 20th
• J. Cole - Once an Addict (Interlude): April 20th
• J. Cole - FRIENDS ft. kiLL edward: April 20th
• J. Cole - Window Pain (Outro): April 20th
• J. Cole - 1985 (Intro to "The Fall Off"): April 20th
• Jay Rock - OSOM ft. J. Cole: June 15th
• J. Cole - Album of the Year (Freestyle): August 7th
• Bas & J. Cole - Tribe: August 22nd
• 6LACK - Pretty Little Fears ft. J. Cole: September 14th
• Wale - My Boy (Freestyle) ft. J. Cole: September 14th
• Rapsody - Sojourner ft. J. Cole: October 26th
• Moneybagg Yo - Say Na ft. J. Cole: November 2nd
• JID & J. Cole - Off Deez: November 6th
• Ari Lennox & J. Cole - Shea Butter Baby: November 16th
• Anderson .Paak - Trippy ft. J. Cole: November 16th
• 21 Savage - ​a lot ft. J. Cole: December 21st2019:• J. Cole - MIDDLE CHILD: January 23rd
• Offset - How Did I Get Here ft. J. Cole: February 22nd
• Ty Dolla $ign - Purple Emoji ft. J. Cole: May 20th
• Young Thug - The London ft. J. Cole & Travis Scott: May 23rd
• Dreamville - Down Bad ft. EARTHGANG, J. Cole, Bas, JID & Young Nudy: June 12th
• Dreamville, J. Cole & Lute - Under the Sun ft. DaBaby & Kendrick Lamar: July 5th
• Dreamville, J. Cole, JID, Cozz & EARTHGANG - 1993 ft. Buddy & Smino: July 5th
• Dreamville, JID & J. Cole - Rembrandt...Run It Back ft. Vince Staples: July 5th
• Dreamville, EARTHGANG & J. Cole - Sacrifices ft. Smino & Saba: July 5th
• Big K.R.I.T. - Prove It ft. J. Cole: July 12th
• Gang Starr - Family and Loyalty ft. J. Cole: September 20th2020:• J. Cole - Snow on tha Bluff: June 16th
• J. Cole - t h e . c l i m b . b a c k: July 22nd
• J. Cole - Lion King on Ice: July 22nd2021:• J. Cole - ​i n t e r l u d e: May 7th
• J. Cole - 9 5 . s o u t h: May 14th
• J. Cole - ​​a m a r i: May 14th
• J. Cole, 21 Savage & Morray - ​​m y . l i f e: May 14th
• J. Cole - a p p l y i n g . p r e s s u r e: May 14th
• J. Cole - p u n c h i n ’ . t h e . c l o c k: May 14th
• J. Cole & Bas - 1 0 0 . m i l ’: May 14th
• J. Cole & Lil Baby - p r i d e . i s . t h e . d e v i l: May 14th
• J. Cole, Bas & 6LACK - ​l e t . g o . m y . h a n d: May 14th
• J. Cole - c l o s e: May 14th
• J. Cole & Bas - h u n g e r . o n . h i l l s i d e: May 14th
• Bas & J. Cole -  ft. Lil Tjay: July 9th
• Dreamville & J. Cole - Heavens EP: September 21st
• Joyner Lucas & J. Cole - Your Heart: September 24th
• Wale - Poke It Out ft. J. Cole: September 30th
• Young Thug - Stressed ft. J. Cole & T-Shyne: October 15th
• Travis Scott - MAFIA ft. J. Cole: November 5th2022:• Benny the Butcher & J. Cole - Johnny P’s Caddy: January 28th
• YG - Scared Money ft. J. Cole & Moneybagg Yo: February 4th
• EARTHGANG, JID & J. Cole - WATERBOYZ: February 25th
• Dreamville, JID & J. Cole - Stick ft. Sheck Wes & Kenny Mason: March 31st
• Dreamville & J. Cole - Freedom of Speech: March 31st
• BIA - LONDON ft. J. Cole: April 8th
• Drake - Jimmy Cooks ft. 21 Savage & J. Cole: June 17th
• JID - 2007 ft. J. Cole: August 18th
• Smino - 90 Proof ft. J. Cole: September 30th2023:• J. Cole - procrastination (broke): January 18th
• Dreamville & J. Cole - Adonis Interlude (The Montage): March 3rd
• ​j-hope & J. Cole - on the street: March 3rd
• ​Lil Durk - All My Life ft. J. Cole: May 12th
• ​Summer Walker - To Summer, From Cole (Audio Hug) ft. J. Cole: May 19th
• ​J. Cole & Bas - Passport Bros: July 19th
• Burna Boy - Thanks ft. J. Cole: August 25th
• Gucci Mane - There I Go ft. J. Cole & Mike WiLL Made-It: August 25th
• Lil Yachty & J. Cole - The Secret Recipe: September 28th
• Drake - First Person Shooter ft. J. Cole: October 6th
• Drake - Evil Ways ft. J. Cole: November 17th
• Nicki Minaj - Let Me Calm Down ft. J. Cole: December 8th
• Bas & J. Cole - Paper Cuts: December 15th
• Bas & J. Cole - Home Alone: December 15thEmbed


Track: Hold It Down

Lyrics:
38 ContributorsHold It Down Lyrics

If my heart stop pumping tomorrow don’t feel no sorrow
'Cause life is hard mentally and everything is meant to be
Sometimes I ask myself, if I was gone who will remember me?
It's hard to tell, oh well, sit back and sip this Hennessy
Now lately it's been hard to tell my friends part from my enemies
'Cause plenty niggas show me love but in their hearts they envy me
Why? I'm just a nigga from around the way
Told my momma I'll make it happen and I found a way
Pour out some liquor for my niggas at the crossroads
And may the Lord give guidance to the lost souls
I know that deep inside these niggas know it's more to life
Then mackin' hoes and stacking dough
Man I'm sort of like a nigga who done seen greener grass
So when they think they ballin' like The Dream Team
My nigga I done seen meaner cash
And I'm tryna get it, follow me nigga, I'm on a prowl
Headed to the top, you watching me nigga?
Then hold it down

Hold it down, if you need to holla at me
Don’t hesitate to call, it ain't a problem
I can be there, I’d ride for you, lie for you
I know you’d do the same, I would die for you
So hold it down, and when the times is hard, I’ll be around
So hold me down, and it don’t matter how far, I’ll be around
Yeah, I'll hold you down
You might also like
You was my nigga from the younger days, we grew up
I went to school, you went the other way
But still my brother man, I'm sitting, reminiscing on
All of them bitches we were tripping over, kissing on
Or at the skating rink we trying to bag some new hoes
And If I need gear, you let me hold ya new clothes, and vice-a-versa man
But now that life is worser man, a nigga slow caking
I'm broke tryna chase a dream, you just got probation and I'm stressed
Your little sister pregnant what’s next?
Oh shit my mama doing drugs, at times it's hard to feel blessed
In this madness I holla at my nigga in the sadness
Remember when ya mama tried to beat you with that bat shit?
Remember your chick Nina? Man that ass was the fattest
Remember my crush on Sabrina? Yo, she still the baddest
I'm just glad that I can holla at you, it's been a while
And til the next time I hear from you, ay, hold it down

Hold it down, if you need to holla at me
Don’t hesitate to call, it ain't a problem
I can be there, I’d ride for you, lie for you
I know you’d do the same, I would die for you
So hold it down, and when the times is hard, I’ll be around
So hold me down, and it don’t matter how far, I’ll be around
Yeah, I'll hold you down
And these are tough times baby, but we’ll make it through
You know I'm headed for the top, I swear I'm taking you
Just hold a nigga down through this bad weather
The rain falling ain't balling but I have better
A woman with an ass and a strong mind, it's been a long time
Sometimes you on your bullshit, sometimes I'm on mine
Will I have a hard time to stay committed?
Or do I only want your voice moaning when I hit it?
Man only God knows
I know deep in your heart, you don’t want me to be no star though
'Cause groupies out there every show you scared I'm fucking every ho
And girl I ain't gon' lie and say I won't, 'cause shit you never know
But may the Lord give me strength, I love you more than anything
The future mother of my kids, the love is real and if we ever part, God forbid
I love you still so when I'm on the road don’t trip, you know I'm down for you
Keep it tight and don’t slip, and hold it down for me

Hold it down, if you need to holla at me
Don’t hesitate to call, it ain't a problem
I can be there, I’d ride for you, lie for you
I know you’d do the same, I would die for you
So hold it down, and when the times is hard, I’ll be around
So hold me down, and it don’t matter how far, I’ll be around
Yeah, I'll hold you down14Embed


Track: Last Call

Lyrics:
63 ContributorsLast Call Lyrics
Yeah, Warm Up
La-la-la-laaaa, la lala la lalaaaa

Now I am (Here's to the Roc')
Hey and they ask and they ask and they ask and I tell them
(Here's to Roc-a-Fella) It's the Fayettenam
Raise your glasses, your glasses, your glasses to the sky and
(Here's to the Roc')
This is the last call for alcohol
This is the warm-up

Now to the few niggas out there who heard my last shit
Which if I must say so myself that was a classic
I never been the type to ride my own coat tail
But it's obvious I'm here to stay, a fucking hotel
I came up, I warmed up
The next up, I blow up!
If you ain't peep the trend by now with each rap I go up
Look all he wanted was a deal so when he got it he just faded
But tell me what's a deal when you want to be the greatest?
So Jay I appreciate it, hell of a stepping stone
Wonder if he see it in my eyes I'm trying to get the throne
Wonder if the people know how many nights I spent alone
Making beats writing rhymes, thinking deep fighting time
I'm getting better but wasn't getting younger
And all that time can make the most confident nigga wonder
But never doubt it or allowed that shit to phase me yo
Just switch my thoughts up like the stations on the radio nigga now I am
You might also like
And they ask and they ask and they ask and I tell them
It's the Fayettenam
Put your glasses and your glasses and your glasses to the sky
This is the last call for alcohol
This is the warm-up! (Yeah)
So get your back up off the wall

Now may I never slip up or let my grip up
I know my girl be praying Lord just keep his pants zipped up -
Now if some groupie bitch is on his dick then make it's stiff up, at least give the nigga common sense to wrap his dick up
Toast, let’s lift up our glasses, then sip up
We fly past they look up
They don't last they give up
They don't blast we clip up then empty
And indeed we hit the target yes these niggas think they the shit and they ain't even farted yet
Style incomplete like a garbage ass quarterback
My offense is for real, ay fuck sack, niggas getting coffined in the Ville
Way too often and it feels wrong
New York niggas fuck with me, I got 'em singing Ville songs
Guess it's only right because we grew up singing they shit
Big shit, Mase shit, Nas shit, Jay shit
Time for a Carolina nigga to take his place with the greats
A slim nigga making bold statement
Uh, ay J. Cole how you do that there? I hear you blowing up my nigga
I'm like, true that yea
In NY but smile every time I flew back there
That Carolina, Fayettenam oh yea my crew back there
I go home been so long they saying, you back here? -
Took a turn for the worst boy don't move back here
Don't do that, yo who dat?
He rep the Ville when he spit it told you he be back with a record deal and he did it
Nigga, fuck spinning on my pivot homie, I'm finna travel till 'refs blow the whistle on me
I got a whole fucking city that's just sitting on me
But it fits on my back, my state is sitting on that
Will I drop? I think not I get up while they stop-like a sleeve on tank tops
They ain't give it all they got so they flop
So hey watch, how I'm finna take their spot
Now I'm starting and they not-let me show you how to stay hot
I play not, man I'm killing em even your idols feeling em dog
The same nigga used to chill in the mall
While they were still in the mall, I was up there spilling my rap
The hero fighting villains just to put the Ville on the map
Now I am
And they ask and they ask and they ask and I tell them
It's the Fayettenam
Put your glasses and your glasses and your glasses to the sky
This is the last call for alcohol
This is the warm-up!
So get your back up off the wall

Yeah man so shit, this was The Warm Up
Um, what can I say, what can I say?
If you heard The Come Up that was about just a lil nigga from North Carolina man
Fayettnam to be exact
Moved to NYC, chasing the dream
I used college, if y'all niggas don't know, I used college as a tool to get to New York
I ain't have no family up here or nothing like that, I came up here on a scholarship, nigga went to college
And the whole time I ain't even think I would have to finish college, I just thought I'd be signed by my freshman year so I wouldn't have to finish college
But it didn't happen like that obviously, a nigga graduated and things started falling into place
I got more focused, I dropped The Come Up
And I look at The Come Up like, how kinda like how I was in high school
Just picture this, The Warm Up is about a nigga who did not make the team when he tried out and I know it's a lotta niggas who know that feeling man
You try out, you think you deserve to be one the team and you go that day to look at the cut-list
You wake up and you can't even sleep, you're like, "Damn I'm gon' make the team, I did my thing at tryouts."
You go to the list. All the niggas is looking at their names on the list, some niggas is like, "Aww shit I see my name nigga I'm good, I'm good nigga I'm good, I see my name."
And you're looking for your name, and you kinda play in the back, tryna wait for niggas to clear out cause you're not sure
And you go to the list and your name ain't there
And you're like, "How the fuck did I not make this team? I'm better than him, I'm better than him, I'm better than him."
So a lotta niggas either quit or some niggas go harder and so that's kinda how I took the rap shit when I put out The Come Up
Cause ever since I was 15 I thought I was supposed to be signed
But you know, shit, everything happens for a reason
So shit fast forward to The Warm Up, this just me, like you know, me being that nigga that's practicing and making sure it's no way, it's undeniable that when I go to tryouts, there's no fucking way the coach is passing up on me, my nigga
So that's what this whole mixtape was about and lo and behold, you know
As I'm finishing the mixtape, the deal comes
Thank God, I'm blessed. Everything happens for a reason. And it couldn't have been with a more fucking, with a better fucking squad
You know the niggas I got on the squad if you listen to this then you might have heard who I signed with, I ain't even gon' blast it off like that
Shoutouts to, you know, Mark Pitts, definitely
Shoutout to my nigga Mike Rooney, my nigga E, shoutout to my whole fucking crew, man
That's The Warm Up is about man
RG what's good, Mike Shaw, my nigga Mez, Mez held me down, nigga
More than anybody in the whole fucking, in the whole crew, honestly
So shit, let's get it, man
We got a lotta shit for '09, '010, '011, '0 goddamn 35
That's all I got man, that's The Warm Up
I made the team
So when you go from making the team, now what you gotta do nigga, you gotta start
You gotta be a starter, you gotta make it to college
You gotta make it from college to the league, nigga
Trust me, I ain't get no fucking deal and relax man
I feel like I ain't made it yet period nigga
And that's all I really gotta say yo, it's The Warm Up
Thank you for listening man
Yeah18Embed


Track: Losing My Balance

Lyrics:
43 ContributorsLosing My Balance Lyrics
Yeah, ugh, yeah
1-2, 1-2, 1-2, ugh
1-2, 1-2, 1-2, ugh
Yeah, ugh
Yeah, ugh

Miss High Profile, caught you shoppin' on Canal (Yeah)
I guess it makes sense, it seems phony as your style
Your hair and your nails just as phony as your smile
Fake eyelashes, you drew your eyebrows
It make a brother ask, do you pride yourself?
Your makeup like a mask, tryna hide yourself
It seems on the outside, you thinking you the shit (Uh-huh)
But there's a soul that's inside that you don't even knew exist
So you so out of touch that the world mistreat you
Rich niggas fuck you and broke niggas beat you
Hope that this will reach you when you understand
That your value ain't determined by another man
'Cause right now you let them brothers get the upper hand
And you just tell 'em "Go deep" like Cunningham
And you just let 'em OD like Len Bias
And that pussy so good he let his friends try it

Losing your balance, yea uh
Losing your balance, yea uh
Losing your balance
Girl you losing your balance uh, yea
Don't slip and don't fall, uh
Just a get a grip my nigga, hold on, uh
Don't lose your balance (Yeah, ugh)
Don't lose your balance (Ugh)
You might also like
I look around at my city, this is Sinville
That boy 11 years old and can inhale
Sometimes I ride around wonderin' if we in hell
Or why do cops love to throw a nigga in jail
I'm 'bout to lose it, I just had another friend killed (Damn)
Over some bullshit this cycle's like a windmill
I had a convo with my soul, I asked it "When will
This shit change?" It said, "Boy, just use them pen skills"
And so I write this for my niggas on the corner
Love you 'cause you my brother, so I feel I got to warn ya
This shit ain't set up for a young brother to advance
On that note, you niggas playing right into their hands
Damn, better get yourself some goals (Uh-huh), you niggas better dream (Yeah)
I know the hood raised you but it's bigger better things
And for those that passed, I need a moment of silence
Sssssshhhhh

Yeah, and don't be losing your balance
Don't be losing your balance
Don't be losing your balance
My nigga, don't be losing your balance, uh, yeah
So don't slip and don't fall
Just a get a grip my nigga, hold on (Yeah)
Don't lose your balance (Ugh)
Don't lose your balance (Yeah)
Ugh, I got a thing for this little mama
She do it to me plus her brain is forreal, I'm a
Sucka for love I guess, won't catch her up in the club 'cause she ain't into that (Nah)
Kind of chick that rather rent a flick and get intimate
Say she never fuck with thug niggas only gentlemen
And yea that ass is fat but what's better is her intellect (Uh-huh)
Other men would sweat her when we walk past
Can't even blame 'em, did the same when I saw the ass
Matched with the thin waist, brown with a slim face
Love the conversation and the kicks was like a sensei
Now she got me chillin' with her all around the clock
My homies beefin' 'cause I never come around a lot
Keep on telling me I changed and things ain't the same
And ever since she came around I never want to hang (Ugh)
They tell me that it's foul how a chick can make me switch
But man I can't help it dawg, her mind got me whipped

I think I'm losing my balance, uh
I think I'm losing my balance, yea
She got me losing my balance, uh
She got me losing my balance, yea
But I, I won't slip, nah, I won't fall, ugh
Just a get a grip and hold on, ugh
Losing my balance (Uh-huh)
Losing my balance21Embed


Album: Friday Night Lights - November 12, 2010

1. Friday Night Lights (Intro)
2. Too Deep for the Intro
3. Before I'm Gone
4. Back to the Topic (Freestyle)
5. You Got It (Ft. Wale)
6. Villematic
7. Enchanted (Ft. Omen)
8. Blow Up
9. Higher
10. In the Morning (Ft. Drake)
11. 2Face
12. The Autograph
13. Best Friend
14. Cost Me a Lot
15. Premeditated Murder
16. Home for the Holidays
17. Love Me Not
18. See World
19. Farewell
20. Looking for Trouble by Kanye West (Ft. Big Sean, CyHi, J. Cole & Pusha T)

Track: Friday Night Lights (Intro)

Lyrics:
15 ContributorsFriday Night Lights (Intro) Lyrics
Yeah
Almost, almost
Hm, damn
Hey

So here we are
So here we are
So here we are
It's funny how so close can seem so far
Seem so far
Seem so far
Seem so far
Funny how so close can seem so far, I mean
Nigga, this is your moment
Damn, this is your moment
Damn, this supposed to be your moment, ain't it?
This supposed to be your moment
This supposed to be your moment
This supposed to be your moment
What good is being the one when you the only one that knows it?You might also like5Embed


Track: Too Deep for the Intro

Lyrics:
110 ContributorsToo Deep for the Intro Lyrics

Yeah, ahem
Hey, yeah

Partially functional, half of me is comfortable
The other half is close to the cliff, like Mrs. Huxtable
These boys got them holsters and clips they pack like Lunchables
Like white boys in grade school, while we ate school-made food
Just eyeing they shit, wish I was trying they shit
Knowing when mama hit the store, she wasn’t buying that shit
No, I ain't crying a bit, man that's just life, that's how that shit work
You reach your hand in fire, you pull it back when you get burnt
Gotta learn when you get hurt, even if it's with Cupid
He beat you and you went back, you's officially stupid
Oh yeah, I understand, that's your man, you had a plan
You been together for some years, you sticking with him for the kids
So you overlook the tears, but we both know that's a bad look
'Cause 20 years from now, your daughter'll probably get her ass whooped
Look, if this too deep for the intro, I’ll find another use
But just in case it's perfect, let me introduce, Cole

Time to save the world
Where in the world is all the time?
So many things I still don't know (Uh-uh, hey)
So many times I've changed my mind
Guess I was born to make mistakes
But I ain't scared to take the weight
So when I stumble off the path (Yeah)
I know my heart will guide me back (Yeah)
You might also like
Man, is this too deep for the intro? If so, I’ll find another use
But just in case it's perfect, let me introduce
It’s Cole, I had a dream and so I made a move
A ill ass nigga who just so happened to stay in school
Still rap for hustlers and motherfuckers that hated school
Said, "That's for busters," then heard my shit and I made it cool
It's safe to say that I’m gifted as if I’m Christmas shopping
I got gangsta niggas lining up in admissions office
Ayy, possibly 'cause all the hoes a nigga scraped
A lot of shit up on my plate, so you know a nigga late
To my first class, I’d much rather sit up in first class
Should I admit that a slutty bitch was my first smash?
Wasn't experienced, so nah, I didn't wear it out
Always thought my first time would be someone I cared about
But being a virgin was something to be embarrassed 'bout
I used that ass for practice, so I wasn't scared out my mind
You call it rhymes, I call it clearing out my mind
Was just a young boy staring out my blinds
'Til I got free from my mama leash
Running loose through the streets like a stray dog in heat
And we looking for some freaks, can you play? Pardon me
What's your name? Don’t mistake me for no lame, no, not me
She knew I was on the team 'cause she seen how tall I be
In the club dappin’ niggas, eventually, R.I.P
Damn, you win some, you lose some, that's just how it happens
And if a nigga step up to you, then you gotta scrap 'em
Your name is all you got, throwing hands by the bathroom
It's funny, I barely told nobody I started rapping
'Cause see, some niggas was haters that I just viewed as clowns
At fourteen, I knew I was the nicest dude around
I gotta make a move, I gotta do this now
If they don’t know your dreams, then they can't shoot 'em down
Ha, yeah nigga, hell yeah
I felt that one in my fuckin' soul, nigga
Haha

Ooh, hey
I'm trying to decide
Which way to go
Think I made a wrong turn back there somewhere
Ooh, hey
I'm trying to decide
Which way to go
Think I made a wrong turn back there somewhere36Embed


Track: Before I'm Gone

Lyrics:
79 ContributorsBefore I’m Gone Lyrics
I hit the weed, I told myself the last time would be my last
I don’t trust my own niggas, now my mind racing fast
Got my foot up on the gas, got a hundred on the dash
If the police run up on me, I ain't stopping for they ass
Boy, you know my L's dirty, if they stop me, I'm goin' to jail surely
I’ll be next to my brother in the cell, no bail for me
"Man, let me out, send me back to bitches that smell purdy"
And all I gotta do is call once and she there all ready
Yeah, buddy, can't you tell I'm goin' through hell?
I don’t even open my mail
I’m in the shower with a soap and the towel, I need cleansing
Bad bitches all on the prowl they need Benzes
Pussy niggas running they mouth and we ain't flinching
They names ain't even mentioned
I got dreams bigger than your whole team
You niggas so broke yet somehow you so green
I guess it's envy, started with a penny now I’m getting plenty money

Huh, and one time for the city, yeah
And two times for you, hey
And one time for the city, hey
And two times for you, uhh

Look kid, it's raining outside boy, fuck an umbrella
Niggas banging outside boy, they guns'll dumbbell a nigga
Tired of telling niggas that's deceased "Rest in Peace"
We tired of only having just a piece
And fuck policing, they killing niggas, what's the reason?
His daughter starving and she fucking freezing
So no wonder why he fucking squeezing
They out here bussin', leavin' niggas stuck and bleedin' on the flo'
Bullets wet you like it's semen on a ho
Breathing slow man, I'm in hell
One day you tryna make rent, next day you in jail
Lord knows he meant well
So I take the pencil and write like a pen pal
Some shit that’s darker than the tints up on the windshield
Uh, welcome to Sinville where niggas on base
Shit is looking like an infield, high as a Sprint bill
What you think? That's the reason why this ink in my pen kills
Phony niggas until they are extinct, bitch I’ve been real
You might also like
Huh, and one time for the city, hey, uh
And two times for you, yeah
And one time for the city, hey, hm
And two times for you, hey

Them old niggas sayin', "Cole the wrong one bringin' the city shine
All he ever doin’ is paintin' pictures of crime
Tellin' stories of pain, paintin' pictures of dope"
Bitch if you listenin', I'm paintin’ pictures of hope, huh
That boy in class embarrassed because he broke
Hopin’ today he won’t be the butt of somebody’s joke
See me I lived it all from dirt-poor in a trailer
Worried about my mother and never trustin' my neighbors
To middle-class with a backyard and my own room
To bein’ the only black kid in my homeroom
Academically gifted and followed my own rules
Was runnin' the streets, hey ma, I’ll be home soon
Was out chasin' hoes, was out hoopin'
Them niggas wasn't ballin' but yet they was foul shootin', uh
So meet the newest role model who don't know how to fake this shit
Never sold a rock and look, I made it bitch

Huh, and one time for the city, yeah
And two times for you, hey
And one time for the city, yeah
And two times for you, hey
Girl it's been so long, I've been gone from you
But you ain't gotta worry 'bout the thangs I do
It's hard but the thought of you would ease my pain
Girl I promise they gon' know our name, uh
Ain’t seen you smile in a while
But I been dreamin' 'bout you
Oh oh oh38Embed


Track: Back to the Topic (Freestyle)

Lyrics:
94 ContributorsBack to the Topic (Freestyle) Lyrics
Yeah, nigga
I'ma go ahead and murder this shit
Voice gone and shit, I think it's gon' make it sound a lil'
A lil' ill, just a lil' iller
Yeah, Fayettenam, nigga, yeah

Carolina blue kicks, pedal to the metal
Feeling like a puppet and the Devil is Geppetto
Letter to the ghetto, hold your head high
You can pick apart my raps, I ain’t told ya nan lie
My world a little darker like a fuckin' tan line
Go on look for a better nigga, girl you can’t find
Fine young man with an old man mind
No time for the chick who fucked the whole mankind
Aw, no ma'am, I’m an old land mine
I been waiting to blow up for a long damn time
Now I’m armed and I’m, Fayettenam’s finest
Carolina’s savior, marijuana blazer
Only on occasion 'cause my mind be racin'
Lost in my thoughts so my eyes be Asian
Thinking how these rap niggas gotta be fakin'
Whole style obviously copied, pasted
Plagiarized swag, may arrive last
But when it’s all said and done, I’ma be ahead of them
Way that I describe it, prescribe a nigga medicine
Way that I be fly, I be higher than the Jet-a-sons
Moving on up, nigga higher than the Jeffersons
All about the Benjamins, bad chicks, send 'em in
Basic hoes, toss 'em out, can’t even get Waffle House
Hatin’ niggas, chalk 'em out, go on, get the coffin out
What you talking about, lil man?
My shit here burning, you not even lil’ tan
I’m ill enough to kill cancer, baby, I’m chemo
Down in Miami and I'm throwed like Marino
Get a whole lot of you know and she bald like an Eagle
No, not on top but down there
She say she want to hop on top, girl, I don’t care
You better get yours 'fore I reach mine cause then I’m throwing peace signs
If you a freak, I can take you to your peak
Girl, I do it to the maximum, Nissan
And I hope you a believer
I’m quarterbacking, tryna get you open like receivers
Far from an overnight achiever
Cole is like the leader of the new niggas
To tell the truth, I’m only fucking with a few niggas
If that, the rest of y'all niggas get lapped
I sit back and reflect on the rap game, I came from out of nowhere
Nigga, I swear them lames ain’t know how to prepare
Got niggas shouting out the 'Ville, "I gotta go there”
Boy don’t you know you get shot over there?
I say my prayers 'cause this life ain’t fair
A bunch of backstabbing niggas, hope the knife ain’t there
A bunch of temptation facing when your wife ain’t there
Yeah late at night, when I got the phone call and made a right
But my crib was straight ahead, shawty gave me head
Hit it then I quit it ‘fore she even made the bed
Damn I’m no good, but damn it’s so good
I’m picturing that body like a camera phone would
Something like Rihanna while I’m up in that V-gina
Type of chick that only dress in something that’s designer
I could give a fuck long as there’s something that’s behind of her
Got the type of bumper make a dog wanna hump
Back to the topic, actually forgot it
Hoes, money, I’m the shit, oh yeah, I’m reminded
The way I put the words together, cleverly align 'em
These other rap niggas should never be a problem
You might also like
And I’m ghost, nigga, yeah
Let me hear that, woo!36Embed


Track: You Got It (Ft. Wale)

Lyrics:
2 ContributorsJ. Cole  LyricsProjects:2007:• J. Cole - The Come Up Vol. 1: May 4th2009:• J. Cole - The Warm Up: June 15th2010:• J. Cole - Friday Night Lights: November 12th2011:• J. Cole - Any Given Sunday #1: July 31st
• J. Cole - Any Given Sunday #2: August 7th
• J. Cole - Any Given Sunday #5: September 4th
• J. Cole - Cole World: The Sideline Story: September 27th2013:• J. Cole - Truly Yours: February 12th
• J. Cole - Truly Yours 2: April 30th
• J. Cole - Born Sinner: June 18th2014:• Dreamville - Revenge of the Dreamers: January 28th
• J. Cole - 2014 Forеst Hills Drive: Decembеr 9th2015:• Dreamville - Revenge of the Dreamers II: December 8th2016:• J. Cole - Forest Hills Drive: Live from Fayetteville, NC: January 28th
• J. Cole - 4 Your Eyez Only: December 9th2018:• J. Cole - KOD: April 20th2019:• Dreamville - Revenge of the Dreamers III: July 5th2020:• Dreamville - Revenge of the Dreamers III: Director’s Cut: January 16th
• J. Cole - Lewis Street: July 22nd2021:• J. Cole - The Off-Season: May 14th2022:• Dreamville - D-Day: A Gangsta Grillz Mixtape: March 31st2023:• Dreamville - Creed III: The Soundtrack: March 3rdTracks:2007:• J. Cole - Intro (The Come Up Vol. 1): May 4th
• J. Cole - Simba: May 4th
• J. Cole - I'm the Man: May 4th
• J. Cole - School Daze: May 4th
• J. Cole - Dolla and A Dream: May 4th
• J. Cole - Throw It Up: May 4th
• J. Cole - Quote Me: May 4th
• J. Cole - College Boy: May 4th
• J. Cole - Split You Up: May 4th
• J. Cole - Plain (Skit): May 4th
• J. Cole - The Come Up: May 4th
• J. Cole - Mighty Crazy: May 4th
• J. Cole - Dead Presidents: May 4th
• J. Cole - Lil Ghetto Nigga: May 4th
• J. Cole - Homecoming: May 4th
• J. Cole - Carolina On My Mind ft. Deacon: May 4th
• J. Cole - Can't Cry: May 4th
• J. Cole - Goin Off: May 4th
• J. Cole - Rags to Riches (At The Beep): May 4th
• J. Cole - Get It: May 4th
• J. Cole - I Do My Thing ft. Nervous Reck: May 4th2009:• J. Cole - Shook Ones (Freestyle): June 10th
• J. Cole - Intro (The Warm Up): June 15th
• J. Cole - Welcome: June 15th
• J. Cole - Can I Live: June 15th
• J. Cole - Grown Simba: June 15th
• J. Cole - Just to Get By: June 15th
• J. Cole - Lights Please: June 15th
• J. Cole - Dead Presidents II: June 15th
• J. Cole - I Get Up: June 15th
• J. Cole - World is Empty: June 15th
• J. Cole - Dreams ft. Brandon Hines: June 15th
• J. Cole - Royal Flush: June 15th
• J. Cole - Dollar and a Dream II: June 15th
• J. Cole - Water Break (Interlude): June 15th
• J. Cole - Heartache: June 15th
• J. Cole - Get Away: June 15th
• J. Cole - Knock Knock: June 15th
• J. Cole - Ladies: June 15th
• J. Cole - Til’ Infinity: June 15th
• J. Cole - The Badness ft. Omen: June 15th
• J. Cole - Hold It Down: June 15th
• J. Cole - Last Call: June 15th
• J. Cole - Losing My Balance: June 15th
• Wale - Rather Be (Vagina Is For Lovers) ft. Curren$y & J. Cole: June 19th
• JAY-Z - A Star Is Born ft. J. Cole: September 8th
• Wale - Beautiful Bliss ft. Melanie Fiona & J. Cole: November 10th2010:• B.o.B - Gladiators ft. J. Cole: February 1st
• Reflection Eternal - Just Begun ft. Jay Electronica, J. Cole & Yasiin Bey: May 18th
• Young Chris - Still the Hottest ft. J. Cole: May 19th
• Miguel - All I Want Is You ft. J. Cole: May 25th
• J. Cole - Who Dat: May 31st
• Yo Gotti - Look In The Mirror (Remix) ft. Wiz Khalifa, J. Cole & Wale: September 29th
• Fashawn - Relaxation ft. J. Cole & Omen: October 4th
• Kanye West - Looking for Trouble ft. Pusha T, CyHi, Big Sean & J. Cole: November 5th
• J. Cole - Friday Night Lights (Intro): November 12th
• J. Cole - Too Deep for the Intro: November 12th
• J. Cole - Before I'm Gone: November 12th
• J. Cole - Back to the Topic (Freestyle): November 12th
• J. Cole - You Got It ft. Wale: November 12th
• J. Cole - Villematic: November 12th
• J. Cole - Enchanted ft. Omen: November 12th
• J. Cole - Blow Up: November 12th
• J. Cole - Higher: November 12th
• J. Cole - In the Morning ft. Drake: November 12th
• J. Cole - 2Face: November 12th
• J. Cole - The Autograph: November 12th
• J. Cole - Best Friend: November 12th
• J. Cole - Cost Me a Lot: November 12th
• J. Cole - Premeditated Murder: November 12th
• J. Cole - Home for the Holidays: November 12th
• J. Cole - Love Me Not: November 12th
• J. Cole - See World: November 12th
• J. Cole - Farewell: November 12th
• Sean Garrett - Feel Love ft. J. Cole: December 10th
• Keri Hilson - Buyou ft. J. Cole: December 17th2011:• Rihanna - S&M (J. Cole Remix) ft. J. Cole: January 18th
• Chip - Champion (Remix) ft. J. Cole & Chris Brown: February 5th
• J. Cole - Killers: March 15th
• J. Cole - Return Of Simba: May 23rd
• Wale - Fitted Cap ft. Meek Mill, Rick Ross & J. Cole: May 23rd
• J. Cole - Work Out: June 15th
• Wale - Bad Girls Club ft. J. Cole: July 14th
• J. Cole - Like a Star: July 31st
• J. Cole - Knock on Wood (Freestyle): July 31st
• J. Cole - Pity ft. Voli Contra & Omen: July 31st
• J. Cole - How High: July 31st
• J. Cole - Unabomber: July 31st
• J. Cole - Bring Em In: August 7th
• J. Cole - Roll Call: August 7th
• J. Cole - Be (Freestyle): August 7th
• Maejor - Trouble ft. J. Cole: August 11th
• Elle Varner - Only Wanna Give It To You ft. J. Cole: August 16th
• J. Cole - Can't Get Enough ft. Trey Songz: September 1st
• J. Cole - Heavy: September 4th
• J. Cole - Neverland: September 4th
• J. Cole - Who Datt Pt. 2 ft. Childish Gambino & SD: September 7th
• J. Cole - Breakdown: September 11th
• J. Cole - Mr. Nice Watch ft. JAY-Z: September 14th
• J. Cole - Intro: September 27th
• J. Cole - Dollar and a Dream III: September 27th
• J. Cole - Interlude (Cole World): September 27th
• J. Cole - Sideline Story: September 27th
• J. Cole - Cole World: September 27th
• J. Cole - Lost Ones: September 27th
• J. Cole - Never Told: September 27th
• J. Cole - Rise and Shine: September 27th
• J. Cole - God's Gift: September 27th
• J. Cole - Daddy's Little Girl: September 27th
• DJ Drama - Undercover ft. J. Cole & Chris Brown: October 11th
• Beyoncé - Party (Remix) ft. J. Cole: October 24th
• Omen - Mama Told Me ft. J. Cole: November 6th
• Elite - World Premiere ft. J. Cole: November 11th
• Red Cafe - Fly Together (Remix) ft. J. Cole, Wale & Trey Songz: December 9th
• Tinie Tempah - Like It Or Love It ft. Wretch 32 & J. Cole: December 16th2012:• Maejor - Trouble (Remix) ft. Nelly, Wale, T-Pain, Trey Songz & J. Cole: January 13th
• J. Cole - Nobody's Perfect ft. Missy Elliott: February 7th
• Tyga - Let It Show ft. J. Cole: February 21st
• J. Cole - Grew Up Fast: February 22nd
• J. Cole - Visionz of Home: March 2nd
• Melanie Fiona - This Time ft. J. Cole: March 20th
• J. Cole - The Cure: July 26th
• DJ Khaled - They Ready ft. J. Cole, Big K.R.I.T. & Kendrick Lamar: August 21st
• Rita Ora - Love and War ft. J. Cole: August 27th
• Trae tha Truth - I'm On 2.0 ft. Big K.R.I.T., J. Cole, Kendrick Lamar, Jadakiss, B.o.B, Gudda Gudda, Bun B, Tyga & Mark Morrison: August 29th
• Lil Wayne - Green Ranger ft. J. Cole: September 3rd
• Big Sean - 24k of Gold ft. J. Cole & Jhené Aiko: September 5th
• J. Cole - I'm a Fool: September 17th
• Kendrick Lamar - The Jig Is Up (Dump’n) ft. J. Cole: October 20th
• Selah Sue - Raggamuffin (Remix) ft. J. Cole: November 5th
• J. Cole - Miss America: November 13th
• French Montana - Diamonds ft. J. Cole & Rick Ross: November 19th
• Fabolous - Louis Vuitton ft. J. Cole: November 22nd
• The Game - Pray ft. JMSN & J. Cole: December 11th2013:• J. Cole - Can I Holla At Ya: February 12th
• J. Cole - Crunch Time: February 12th
• J. Cole - Rise Above: February 12th
• J. Cole - Tears for ODB: February 12th
• J. Cole - Stay: February 12th
• J. Cole - Power Trip ft. Miguel: February 14th
• J. Cole - Maine On Fire: April 18th
• J. Cole - Cole Summer: April 30th
• J. Cole - Kenny Lofton ft. Jeezy: April 30th
• J. Cole - Chris Tucker ft. 2 Chainz: April 30th
• J. Cole - Head Bussa: April 30th
• J. Cole - Cousins ft. Bas: April 30th
• J. Cole - 3 Wishes: April 30th
• J. Cole - Niggaz Know: May 30th
• J. Cole - Crooked Smile ft. TLC: June 4th
• Bas - Lit ft. KQuick & J. Cole: June 17th
• J. Cole - Villuminati: June 18th
• J. Cole - Kerney Sermon (Skit): June 18th
• J. Cole - LAnd of the Snakes: June 18th
• J. Cole - Mo Money (Interlude): June 18th
• J. Cole - Trouble: June 18th
• J. Cole - Runaway: June 18th
• J. Cole - Rich Niggaz: June 18th
• J. Cole - Where’s Jermaine (Skit): June 18th
• J. Cole - Forbidden Fruit ft. Kendrick Lamar: June 18th
• J. Cole - Chaining Day: June 18th
• J. Cole - Ain't That Some Shit (Interlude): June 18th
• J. Cole - Let Nas Down: June 18th
• J. Cole - Born Sinner ft. James Fauntleroy: June 18th
• J. Cole - New York Times ft. Bas & 50 Cent: June 18th
• J. Cole - Is She Gon Pop: June 18th
• J. Cole - Sparks Will Fly ft. Jhené Aiko: June 18th
• Drake - Jodeci Freestyle ft. J. Cole: June 22nd
• Elijah Blake - Vendetta ft. J. Cole: July 2nd
• Wale - Winter Schemes ft. J. Cole: July 9th
• DJ Khaled - Hell's Kitchen ft. Bas & J. Cole: October 22nd
• J. Cole - She Knows ft. Amber Coffman & Cults: October 29th
• Yo Gotti - Cold Blood ft. Canei Finch & J. Cole: November 19th
• Justin Timberlake - TKO (Black Friday Remix) ft. A$AP Rocky, Pusha T & J. Cole: December 16th2014:• Wale - Black Grammys ft. Rockie Fresh, Meek Mill & J. Cole: January 26th
• J. Cole - Lil’ Niggaz (Snippet): January 28th
• J. Cole - Revenge of the Dreamers: January 28th
• J. Cole - Blowin' Smoke: January 28th
• J. Cole - Bitchez ft. Bas & Omen: January 28th
• Treasure Davis - May the Bitter Man Win ft. J. Cole: January 28th
• J. Cole - Crooked Smile (Original): January 28th
• Bas - My Nigga Just Made Bail ft. J. Cole: April 29th
• J. Cole - Be Free: August 15th
• Maroon 5 - Animals (Remix) ft. J. Cole: September 29th
• Cozz - Knock tha Hustle (Remix) ft. J. Cole: October 3rd
• Jessie Ware - Kind Of...Sometimes...Maybe (Remix) ft. J. Cole: October 22nd
• J. Cole - Intro (2014 Forest Hills Drive): December 5th
• J. Cole - January 28th: December 9th
• J. Cole - Wet Dreamz: December 9th
• J. Cole - 03' Adolescence: December 9th
• J. Cole - A Tale of 2 Citiez: December 9th
• J. Cole - Fire Squad: December 9th
• J. Cole - St. Tropez: December 9th
• J. Cole - G.O.M.D.: December 9th
• J. Cole - No Role Modelz: December 9th
• J. Cole - Hello: December 9th
• J. Cole - Apparently: December 9th
• J. Cole - Love Yourz: December 9th
• J. Cole - Note to Self: December 9th2015:• Jeremih - Planez ft. J. Cole: January 27th
• Wale - The Pessimist ft. J. Cole: March 31st
• Boosie Badazz - Black Heaven ft. Keyshia Cole & J. Cole: May 26th
• Donnie Trumpet & The Social Experiment - Warm Enough ft. J. Cole & Noname: May 28th
• Omen - Things Change ft. J. Cole: July 21st
• Janet Jackson - No Sleeep ft. J. Cole: July 22nd
• Trae tha Truth - Children Of Men ft. J. Cole & Ink: July 24th
• J. Cole - Black Friday: November 27th
• Bas - Night Job ft. J. Cole: December 4th
• J. Cole - Folgers Crystals: December 8th
• J. Cole - Caged Bird ft. Omen: December 8th2016:• J. Cole - Intro (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - January 28th (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - Wet Dreamz (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - 03' Adolescence (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - A Tale of 2 Citiez (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - Fire Squad (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - St. Tropez (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - Intermission (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - G.O.M.D. (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - No Role Modelz (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - Hello (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - Apparently (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - Love Yourz (Live): January 28th
• DJ Khaled - Jermaine’s Interlude ft. EARTHGANG & J. Cole: July 29th
• Spillage Village - Can't Call It ft. Bas, JID, EARTHGANG & J. Cole: November 8th
• J. Cole - False Prophets: December 1st
• J. Cole - ​everybody dies: December 2nd
• J. Cole - For Whom the Bell Tolls: December 9th
• J. Cole - Immortal: December 9th
• J. Cole - Deja Vu: December 9th
• J. Cole - Ville Mentality: December 9th
• J. Cole - She’s Mine, Pt. 1: December 9th
• J. Cole - Change: December 9th
• J. Cole - Neighbors: December 9th
• J. Cole - Foldin Clothes: December 9th
• J. Cole - She’s Mine, Pt. 2: December 9th
• J. Cole - 4 Your Eyez Only: December 9th2017:• J. Cole - High for Hours: January 16th
• Joey Bada$$ - LEGENDARY ft. J. Cole: April 7th
• Logic - AfricAryaN ft. Neil deGrasse Tyson & J. Cole: May 5th
• Salomon Faye - Live And Learn ft. Eryn Allen Kane & J. Cole: November 9th
• Miguel - Come Through and Chill ft. Salaam Remi & J. Cole: November 27th
• Jeezy - American Dream ft. J. Cole & Kendrick Lamar: December 14th2018:• Cozz - Zendaya ft. J. Cole: February 13th
• Royce da 5'9" - Boblo Boat ft. J. Cole: March 23rd
• ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​kiLL edward - Tidal Wave: April 18th
• J. Cole - Intro (KOD): April 20th
• J. Cole - KOD: April 20th
• J. Cole - Photograph: April 20th
• J. Cole - The Cut Off ft. kiLL edward: April 20th
• J. Cole - ATM: April 20th
• J. Cole - Motiv8: April 20th
• J. Cole - Kevin’s Heart: April 20th
• J. Cole - BRACKETS: April 20th
• J. Cole - Once an Addict (Interlude): April 20th
• J. Cole - FRIENDS ft. kiLL edward: April 20th
• J. Cole - Window Pain (Outro): April 20th
• J. Cole - 1985 (Intro to "The Fall Off"): April 20th
• Jay Rock - OSOM ft. J. Cole: June 15th
• J. Cole - Album of the Year (Freestyle): August 7th
• Bas & J. Cole - Tribe: August 22nd
• 6LACK - Pretty Little Fears ft. J. Cole: September 14th
• Wale - My Boy (Freestyle) ft. J. Cole: September 14th
• Rapsody - Sojourner ft. J. Cole: October 26th
• Moneybagg Yo - Say Na ft. J. Cole: November 2nd
• JID & J. Cole - Off Deez: November 6th
• Ari Lennox & J. Cole - Shea Butter Baby: November 16th
• Anderson .Paak - Trippy ft. J. Cole: November 16th
• 21 Savage - ​a lot ft. J. Cole: December 21st2019:• J. Cole - MIDDLE CHILD: January 23rd
• Offset - How Did I Get Here ft. J. Cole: February 22nd
• Ty Dolla $ign - Purple Emoji ft. J. Cole: May 20th
• Young Thug - The London ft. J. Cole & Travis Scott: May 23rd
• Dreamville - Down Bad ft. EARTHGANG, J. Cole, Bas, JID & Young Nudy: June 12th
• Dreamville, J. Cole & Lute - Under the Sun ft. DaBaby & Kendrick Lamar: July 5th
• Dreamville, J. Cole, JID, Cozz & EARTHGANG - 1993 ft. Buddy & Smino: July 5th
• Dreamville, JID & J. Cole - Rembrandt...Run It Back ft. Vince Staples: July 5th
• Dreamville, EARTHGANG & J. Cole - Sacrifices ft. Smino & Saba: July 5th
• Big K.R.I.T. - Prove It ft. J. Cole: July 12th
• Gang Starr - Family and Loyalty ft. J. Cole: September 20th2020:• J. Cole - Snow on tha Bluff: June 16th
• J. Cole - t h e . c l i m b . b a c k: July 22nd
• J. Cole - Lion King on Ice: July 22nd2021:• J. Cole - ​i n t e r l u d e: May 7th
• J. Cole - 9 5 . s o u t h: May 14th
• J. Cole - ​​a m a r i: May 14th
• J. Cole, 21 Savage & Morray - ​​m y . l i f e: May 14th
• J. Cole - a p p l y i n g . p r e s s u r e: May 14th
• J. Cole - p u n c h i n ’ . t h e . c l o c k: May 14th
• J. Cole & Bas - 1 0 0 . m i l ’: May 14th
• J. Cole & Lil Baby - p r i d e . i s . t h e . d e v i l: May 14th
• J. Cole, Bas & 6LACK - ​l e t . g o . m y . h a n d: May 14th
• J. Cole - c l o s e: May 14th
• J. Cole & Bas - h u n g e r . o n . h i l l s i d e: May 14th
• Bas & J. Cole -  ft. Lil Tjay: July 9th
• Dreamville & J. Cole - Heavens EP: September 21st
• Joyner Lucas & J. Cole - Your Heart: September 24th
• Wale - Poke It Out ft. J. Cole: September 30th
• Young Thug - Stressed ft. J. Cole & T-Shyne: October 15th
• Travis Scott - MAFIA ft. J. Cole: November 5th2022:• Benny the Butcher & J. Cole - Johnny P’s Caddy: January 28th
• YG - Scared Money ft. J. Cole & Moneybagg Yo: February 4th
• EARTHGANG, JID & J. Cole - WATERBOYZ: February 25th
• Dreamville, JID & J. Cole - Stick ft. Sheck Wes & Kenny Mason: March 31st
• Dreamville & J. Cole - Freedom of Speech: March 31st
• BIA - LONDON ft. J. Cole: April 8th
• Drake - Jimmy Cooks ft. 21 Savage & J. Cole: June 17th
• JID - 2007 ft. J. Cole: August 18th
• Smino - 90 Proof ft. J. Cole: September 30th2023:• J. Cole - procrastination (broke): January 18th
• Dreamville & J. Cole - Adonis Interlude (The Montage): March 3rd
• ​j-hope & J. Cole - on the street: March 3rd
• ​Lil Durk - All My Life ft. J. Cole: May 12th
• ​Summer Walker - To Summer, From Cole (Audio Hug) ft. J. Cole: May 19th
• ​J. Cole & Bas - Passport Bros: July 19th
• Burna Boy - Thanks ft. J. Cole: August 25th
• Gucci Mane - There I Go ft. J. Cole & Mike WiLL Made-It: August 25th
• Lil Yachty & J. Cole - The Secret Recipe: September 28th
• Drake - First Person Shooter ft. J. Cole: October 6th
• Drake - Evil Ways ft. J. Cole: November 17th
• Nicki Minaj - Let Me Calm Down ft. J. Cole: December 8th
• Bas & J. Cole - Paper Cuts: December 15th
• Bas & J. Cole - Home Alone: December 15thEmbed


Track: Villematic

Lyrics:
77 ContributorsVillematic Lyrics
Yeah, hey

To the college kids, no scholarships, starting your semester
Unpacking your suitcases filling up your dresser
Enjoy it while you got it, after that, it’s God bless ya
Life is your professor, know that bitch is gon' test ya
I got some shit I’d like to get off my chest
I spill out my soul, I spit out my stress
And can I spit out my stress?
It’s the feeling in the air
You bout to drop a real classic
He said, "Cole, a lil' birdy told me on the low you got a Illmatic”
Nobody touching Nas, nigga it’s more like Villematic
Uh, these Fayettenam tales be paying off well
What story is my audio theater gon' tell
I know my debut will ship, but is it gon' sell?
I guess it’s in God’s hands
I make the type of pieces that make Jesus say, "God damn"
That's for your non-believers, I’m the truth, only time'll teach ya
And fuck the haters, probably never love they mamas neither
Old bitter-ass sit around in middle class homes
With computers on hatin' on the newest song
While you was browsin', I was takin' out them student loans
Tryna do this shit better than the niggas we grew up on
Name a fuckin' song I ain't threw up on
Talk is cheap, it's like y'all grew up in a Jewish home
Hah, pardon the stereotype
But y'all giving me mixed feelings like I married a white woman
One minute I’m overrated, next minute I’m the savior
You hate it before you played it, I already forgave ya
For bullshitting, and that nigga Cole spitting that real
Wrote this line on a plane got flown straight from the Ville
To Miami, where the same time last year
I was broker than you, I just wanna make that clear
'Cause now I’m dealing with money I’ve never seen before
And R&B bitches want me, that was just dreams before
Now do I give into the temptation I’m facing?
The thought of losing a good woman keep me from chasing
But I’m just a man, at time’s the timing is wrong
Plus my dick is like a man with a mind of it’s own
But I’m tryna be strong, remind myself she ain’t about shit
These hoes the same, all that change is the outfit
Looking for cheese on some mouse shit
Suck a nigga, fuck a nigga, then go run they mouth quick
Rappers took a vacation I came over to house sit
You want change, this that between the seats in your couch shit
The fuck you thought, I lost it?
All that flame on my name would get exhausted
Au contraire, my nigga, they all ears
Sit back, enjoy the ride it’s finna be a long year, yeah
It’s finna be a long year, yeah
You might also like
I know you feel that
The tingle in your spine, don’t conceal that
Don’t conceal that
This exactly what you thought, somebody bought the real back
Hey15Embed


Track: Enchanted (Ft. Omen)

Lyrics:
2 ContributorsJ. Cole  LyricsProjects:2007:• J. Cole - The Come Up Vol. 1: May 4th2009:• J. Cole - The Warm Up: June 15th2010:• J. Cole - Friday Night Lights: November 12th2011:• J. Cole - Any Given Sunday #1: July 31st
• J. Cole - Any Given Sunday #2: August 7th
• J. Cole - Any Given Sunday #5: September 4th
• J. Cole - Cole World: The Sideline Story: September 27th2013:• J. Cole - Truly Yours: February 12th
• J. Cole - Truly Yours 2: April 30th
• J. Cole - Born Sinner: June 18th2014:• Dreamville - Revenge of the Dreamers: January 28th
• J. Cole - 2014 Forеst Hills Drive: Decembеr 9th2015:• Dreamville - Revenge of the Dreamers II: December 8th2016:• J. Cole - Forest Hills Drive: Live from Fayetteville, NC: January 28th
• J. Cole - 4 Your Eyez Only: December 9th2018:• J. Cole - KOD: April 20th2019:• Dreamville - Revenge of the Dreamers III: July 5th2020:• Dreamville - Revenge of the Dreamers III: Director’s Cut: January 16th
• J. Cole - Lewis Street: July 22nd2021:• J. Cole - The Off-Season: May 14th2022:• Dreamville - D-Day: A Gangsta Grillz Mixtape: March 31st2023:• Dreamville - Creed III: The Soundtrack: March 3rdTracks:2007:• J. Cole - Intro (The Come Up Vol. 1): May 4th
• J. Cole - Simba: May 4th
• J. Cole - I'm the Man: May 4th
• J. Cole - School Daze: May 4th
• J. Cole - Dolla and A Dream: May 4th
• J. Cole - Throw It Up: May 4th
• J. Cole - Quote Me: May 4th
• J. Cole - College Boy: May 4th
• J. Cole - Split You Up: May 4th
• J. Cole - Plain (Skit): May 4th
• J. Cole - The Come Up: May 4th
• J. Cole - Mighty Crazy: May 4th
• J. Cole - Dead Presidents: May 4th
• J. Cole - Lil Ghetto Nigga: May 4th
• J. Cole - Homecoming: May 4th
• J. Cole - Carolina On My Mind ft. Deacon: May 4th
• J. Cole - Can't Cry: May 4th
• J. Cole - Goin Off: May 4th
• J. Cole - Rags to Riches (At The Beep): May 4th
• J. Cole - Get It: May 4th
• J. Cole - I Do My Thing ft. Nervous Reck: May 4th2009:• J. Cole - Shook Ones (Freestyle): June 10th
• J. Cole - Intro (The Warm Up): June 15th
• J. Cole - Welcome: June 15th
• J. Cole - Can I Live: June 15th
• J. Cole - Grown Simba: June 15th
• J. Cole - Just to Get By: June 15th
• J. Cole - Lights Please: June 15th
• J. Cole - Dead Presidents II: June 15th
• J. Cole - I Get Up: June 15th
• J. Cole - World is Empty: June 15th
• J. Cole - Dreams ft. Brandon Hines: June 15th
• J. Cole - Royal Flush: June 15th
• J. Cole - Dollar and a Dream II: June 15th
• J. Cole - Water Break (Interlude): June 15th
• J. Cole - Heartache: June 15th
• J. Cole - Get Away: June 15th
• J. Cole - Knock Knock: June 15th
• J. Cole - Ladies: June 15th
• J. Cole - Til’ Infinity: June 15th
• J. Cole - The Badness ft. Omen: June 15th
• J. Cole - Hold It Down: June 15th
• J. Cole - Last Call: June 15th
• J. Cole - Losing My Balance: June 15th
• Wale - Rather Be (Vagina Is For Lovers) ft. Curren$y & J. Cole: June 19th
• JAY-Z - A Star Is Born ft. J. Cole: September 8th
• Wale - Beautiful Bliss ft. Melanie Fiona & J. Cole: November 10th2010:• B.o.B - Gladiators ft. J. Cole: February 1st
• Reflection Eternal - Just Begun ft. Jay Electronica, J. Cole & Yasiin Bey: May 18th
• Young Chris - Still the Hottest ft. J. Cole: May 19th
• Miguel - All I Want Is You ft. J. Cole: May 25th
• J. Cole - Who Dat: May 31st
• Yo Gotti - Look In The Mirror (Remix) ft. Wiz Khalifa, J. Cole & Wale: September 29th
• Fashawn - Relaxation ft. J. Cole & Omen: October 4th
• Kanye West - Looking for Trouble ft. Pusha T, CyHi, Big Sean & J. Cole: November 5th
• J. Cole - Friday Night Lights (Intro): November 12th
• J. Cole - Too Deep for the Intro: November 12th
• J. Cole - Before I'm Gone: November 12th
• J. Cole - Back to the Topic (Freestyle): November 12th
• J. Cole - You Got It ft. Wale: November 12th
• J. Cole - Villematic: November 12th
• J. Cole - Enchanted ft. Omen: November 12th
• J. Cole - Blow Up: November 12th
• J. Cole - Higher: November 12th
• J. Cole - In the Morning ft. Drake: November 12th
• J. Cole - 2Face: November 12th
• J. Cole - The Autograph: November 12th
• J. Cole - Best Friend: November 12th
• J. Cole - Cost Me a Lot: November 12th
• J. Cole - Premeditated Murder: November 12th
• J. Cole - Home for the Holidays: November 12th
• J. Cole - Love Me Not: November 12th
• J. Cole - See World: November 12th
• J. Cole - Farewell: November 12th
• Sean Garrett - Feel Love ft. J. Cole: December 10th
• Keri Hilson - Buyou ft. J. Cole: December 17th2011:• Rihanna - S&M (J. Cole Remix) ft. J. Cole: January 18th
• Chip - Champion (Remix) ft. J. Cole & Chris Brown: February 5th
• J. Cole - Killers: March 15th
• J. Cole - Return Of Simba: May 23rd
• Wale - Fitted Cap ft. Meek Mill, Rick Ross & J. Cole: May 23rd
• J. Cole - Work Out: June 15th
• Wale - Bad Girls Club ft. J. Cole: July 14th
• J. Cole - Like a Star: July 31st
• J. Cole - Knock on Wood (Freestyle): July 31st
• J. Cole - Pity ft. Voli Contra & Omen: July 31st
• J. Cole - How High: July 31st
• J. Cole - Unabomber: July 31st
• J. Cole - Bring Em In: August 7th
• J. Cole - Roll Call: August 7th
• J. Cole - Be (Freestyle): August 7th
• Maejor - Trouble ft. J. Cole: August 11th
• Elle Varner - Only Wanna Give It To You ft. J. Cole: August 16th
• J. Cole - Can't Get Enough ft. Trey Songz: September 1st
• J. Cole - Heavy: September 4th
• J. Cole - Neverland: September 4th
• J. Cole - Who Datt Pt. 2 ft. Childish Gambino & SD: September 7th
• J. Cole - Breakdown: September 11th
• J. Cole - Mr. Nice Watch ft. JAY-Z: September 14th
• J. Cole - Intro: September 27th
• J. Cole - Dollar and a Dream III: September 27th
• J. Cole - Interlude (Cole World): September 27th
• J. Cole - Sideline Story: September 27th
• J. Cole - Cole World: September 27th
• J. Cole - Lost Ones: September 27th
• J. Cole - Never Told: September 27th
• J. Cole - Rise and Shine: September 27th
• J. Cole - God's Gift: September 27th
• J. Cole - Daddy's Little Girl: September 27th
• DJ Drama - Undercover ft. J. Cole & Chris Brown: October 11th
• Beyoncé - Party (Remix) ft. J. Cole: October 24th
• Omen - Mama Told Me ft. J. Cole: November 6th
• Elite - World Premiere ft. J. Cole: November 11th
• Red Cafe - Fly Together (Remix) ft. J. Cole, Wale & Trey Songz: December 9th
• Tinie Tempah - Like It Or Love It ft. Wretch 32 & J. Cole: December 16th2012:• Maejor - Trouble (Remix) ft. Nelly, Wale, T-Pain, Trey Songz & J. Cole: January 13th
• J. Cole - Nobody's Perfect ft. Missy Elliott: February 7th
• Tyga - Let It Show ft. J. Cole: February 21st
• J. Cole - Grew Up Fast: February 22nd
• J. Cole - Visionz of Home: March 2nd
• Melanie Fiona - This Time ft. J. Cole: March 20th
• J. Cole - The Cure: July 26th
• DJ Khaled - They Ready ft. J. Cole, Big K.R.I.T. & Kendrick Lamar: August 21st
• Rita Ora - Love and War ft. J. Cole: August 27th
• Trae tha Truth - I'm On 2.0 ft. Big K.R.I.T., J. Cole, Kendrick Lamar, Jadakiss, B.o.B, Gudda Gudda, Bun B, Tyga & Mark Morrison: August 29th
• Lil Wayne - Green Ranger ft. J. Cole: September 3rd
• Big Sean - 24k of Gold ft. J. Cole & Jhené Aiko: September 5th
• J. Cole - I'm a Fool: September 17th
• Kendrick Lamar - The Jig Is Up (Dump’n) ft. J. Cole: October 20th
• Selah Sue - Raggamuffin (Remix) ft. J. Cole: November 5th
• J. Cole - Miss America: November 13th
• French Montana - Diamonds ft. J. Cole & Rick Ross: November 19th
• Fabolous - Louis Vuitton ft. J. Cole: November 22nd
• The Game - Pray ft. JMSN & J. Cole: December 11th2013:• J. Cole - Can I Holla At Ya: February 12th
• J. Cole - Crunch Time: February 12th
• J. Cole - Rise Above: February 12th
• J. Cole - Tears for ODB: February 12th
• J. Cole - Stay: February 12th
• J. Cole - Power Trip ft. Miguel: February 14th
• J. Cole - Maine On Fire: April 18th
• J. Cole - Cole Summer: April 30th
• J. Cole - Kenny Lofton ft. Jeezy: April 30th
• J. Cole - Chris Tucker ft. 2 Chainz: April 30th
• J. Cole - Head Bussa: April 30th
• J. Cole - Cousins ft. Bas: April 30th
• J. Cole - 3 Wishes: April 30th
• J. Cole - Niggaz Know: May 30th
• J. Cole - Crooked Smile ft. TLC: June 4th
• Bas - Lit ft. KQuick & J. Cole: June 17th
• J. Cole - Villuminati: June 18th
• J. Cole - Kerney Sermon (Skit): June 18th
• J. Cole - LAnd of the Snakes: June 18th
• J. Cole - Mo Money (Interlude): June 18th
• J. Cole - Trouble: June 18th
• J. Cole - Runaway: June 18th
• J. Cole - Rich Niggaz: June 18th
• J. Cole - Where’s Jermaine (Skit): June 18th
• J. Cole - Forbidden Fruit ft. Kendrick Lamar: June 18th
• J. Cole - Chaining Day: June 18th
• J. Cole - Ain't That Some Shit (Interlude): June 18th
• J. Cole - Let Nas Down: June 18th
• J. Cole - Born Sinner ft. James Fauntleroy: June 18th
• J. Cole - New York Times ft. Bas & 50 Cent: June 18th
• J. Cole - Is She Gon Pop: June 18th
• J. Cole - Sparks Will Fly ft. Jhené Aiko: June 18th
• Drake - Jodeci Freestyle ft. J. Cole: June 22nd
• Elijah Blake - Vendetta ft. J. Cole: July 2nd
• Wale - Winter Schemes ft. J. Cole: July 9th
• DJ Khaled - Hell's Kitchen ft. Bas & J. Cole: October 22nd
• J. Cole - She Knows ft. Amber Coffman & Cults: October 29th
• Yo Gotti - Cold Blood ft. Canei Finch & J. Cole: November 19th
• Justin Timberlake - TKO (Black Friday Remix) ft. A$AP Rocky, Pusha T & J. Cole: December 16th2014:• Wale - Black Grammys ft. Rockie Fresh, Meek Mill & J. Cole: January 26th
• J. Cole - Lil’ Niggaz (Snippet): January 28th
• J. Cole - Revenge of the Dreamers: January 28th
• J. Cole - Blowin' Smoke: January 28th
• J. Cole - Bitchez ft. Bas & Omen: January 28th
• Treasure Davis - May the Bitter Man Win ft. J. Cole: January 28th
• J. Cole - Crooked Smile (Original): January 28th
• Bas - My Nigga Just Made Bail ft. J. Cole: April 29th
• J. Cole - Be Free: August 15th
• Maroon 5 - Animals (Remix) ft. J. Cole: September 29th
• Cozz - Knock tha Hustle (Remix) ft. J. Cole: October 3rd
• Jessie Ware - Kind Of...Sometimes...Maybe (Remix) ft. J. Cole: October 22nd
• J. Cole - Intro (2014 Forest Hills Drive): December 5th
• J. Cole - January 28th: December 9th
• J. Cole - Wet Dreamz: December 9th
• J. Cole - 03' Adolescence: December 9th
• J. Cole - A Tale of 2 Citiez: December 9th
• J. Cole - Fire Squad: December 9th
• J. Cole - St. Tropez: December 9th
• J. Cole - G.O.M.D.: December 9th
• J. Cole - No Role Modelz: December 9th
• J. Cole - Hello: December 9th
• J. Cole - Apparently: December 9th
• J. Cole - Love Yourz: December 9th
• J. Cole - Note to Self: December 9th2015:• Jeremih - Planez ft. J. Cole: January 27th
• Wale - The Pessimist ft. J. Cole: March 31st
• Boosie Badazz - Black Heaven ft. Keyshia Cole & J. Cole: May 26th
• Donnie Trumpet & The Social Experiment - Warm Enough ft. J. Cole & Noname: May 28th
• Omen - Things Change ft. J. Cole: July 21st
• Janet Jackson - No Sleeep ft. J. Cole: July 22nd
• Trae tha Truth - Children Of Men ft. J. Cole & Ink: July 24th
• J. Cole - Black Friday: November 27th
• Bas - Night Job ft. J. Cole: December 4th
• J. Cole - Folgers Crystals: December 8th
• J. Cole - Caged Bird ft. Omen: December 8th2016:• J. Cole - Intro (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - January 28th (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - Wet Dreamz (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - 03' Adolescence (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - A Tale of 2 Citiez (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - Fire Squad (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - St. Tropez (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - Intermission (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - G.O.M.D. (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - No Role Modelz (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - Hello (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - Apparently (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - Love Yourz (Live): January 28th
• DJ Khaled - Jermaine’s Interlude ft. EARTHGANG & J. Cole: July 29th
• Spillage Village - Can't Call It ft. Bas, JID, EARTHGANG & J. Cole: November 8th
• J. Cole - False Prophets: December 1st
• J. Cole - ​everybody dies: December 2nd
• J. Cole - For Whom the Bell Tolls: December 9th
• J. Cole - Immortal: December 9th
• J. Cole - Deja Vu: December 9th
• J. Cole - Ville Mentality: December 9th
• J. Cole - She’s Mine, Pt. 1: December 9th
• J. Cole - Change: December 9th
• J. Cole - Neighbors: December 9th
• J. Cole - Foldin Clothes: December 9th
• J. Cole - She’s Mine, Pt. 2: December 9th
• J. Cole - 4 Your Eyez Only: December 9th2017:• J. Cole - High for Hours: January 16th
• Joey Bada$$ - LEGENDARY ft. J. Cole: April 7th
• Logic - AfricAryaN ft. Neil deGrasse Tyson & J. Cole: May 5th
• Salomon Faye - Live And Learn ft. Eryn Allen Kane & J. Cole: November 9th
• Miguel - Come Through and Chill ft. Salaam Remi & J. Cole: November 27th
• Jeezy - American Dream ft. J. Cole & Kendrick Lamar: December 14th2018:• Cozz - Zendaya ft. J. Cole: February 13th
• Royce da 5'9" - Boblo Boat ft. J. Cole: March 23rd
• ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​kiLL edward - Tidal Wave: April 18th
• J. Cole - Intro (KOD): April 20th
• J. Cole - KOD: April 20th
• J. Cole - Photograph: April 20th
• J. Cole - The Cut Off ft. kiLL edward: April 20th
• J. Cole - ATM: April 20th
• J. Cole - Motiv8: April 20th
• J. Cole - Kevin’s Heart: April 20th
• J. Cole - BRACKETS: April 20th
• J. Cole - Once an Addict (Interlude): April 20th
• J. Cole - FRIENDS ft. kiLL edward: April 20th
• J. Cole - Window Pain (Outro): April 20th
• J. Cole - 1985 (Intro to "The Fall Off"): April 20th
• Jay Rock - OSOM ft. J. Cole: June 15th
• J. Cole - Album of the Year (Freestyle): August 7th
• Bas & J. Cole - Tribe: August 22nd
• 6LACK - Pretty Little Fears ft. J. Cole: September 14th
• Wale - My Boy (Freestyle) ft. J. Cole: September 14th
• Rapsody - Sojourner ft. J. Cole: October 26th
• Moneybagg Yo - Say Na ft. J. Cole: November 2nd
• JID & J. Cole - Off Deez: November 6th
• Ari Lennox & J. Cole - Shea Butter Baby: November 16th
• Anderson .Paak - Trippy ft. J. Cole: November 16th
• 21 Savage - ​a lot ft. J. Cole: December 21st2019:• J. Cole - MIDDLE CHILD: January 23rd
• Offset - How Did I Get Here ft. J. Cole: February 22nd
• Ty Dolla $ign - Purple Emoji ft. J. Cole: May 20th
• Young Thug - The London ft. J. Cole & Travis Scott: May 23rd
• Dreamville - Down Bad ft. EARTHGANG, J. Cole, Bas, JID & Young Nudy: June 12th
• Dreamville, J. Cole & Lute - Under the Sun ft. DaBaby & Kendrick Lamar: July 5th
• Dreamville, J. Cole, JID, Cozz & EARTHGANG - 1993 ft. Buddy & Smino: July 5th
• Dreamville, JID & J. Cole - Rembrandt...Run It Back ft. Vince Staples: July 5th
• Dreamville, EARTHGANG & J. Cole - Sacrifices ft. Smino & Saba: July 5th
• Big K.R.I.T. - Prove It ft. J. Cole: July 12th
• Gang Starr - Family and Loyalty ft. J. Cole: September 20th2020:• J. Cole - Snow on tha Bluff: June 16th
• J. Cole - t h e . c l i m b . b a c k: July 22nd
• J. Cole - Lion King on Ice: July 22nd2021:• J. Cole - ​i n t e r l u d e: May 7th
• J. Cole - 9 5 . s o u t h: May 14th
• J. Cole - ​​a m a r i: May 14th
• J. Cole, 21 Savage & Morray - ​​m y . l i f e: May 14th
• J. Cole - a p p l y i n g . p r e s s u r e: May 14th
• J. Cole - p u n c h i n ’ . t h e . c l o c k: May 14th
• J. Cole & Bas - 1 0 0 . m i l ’: May 14th
• J. Cole & Lil Baby - p r i d e . i s . t h e . d e v i l: May 14th
• J. Cole, Bas & 6LACK - ​l e t . g o . m y . h a n d: May 14th
• J. Cole - c l o s e: May 14th
• J. Cole & Bas - h u n g e r . o n . h i l l s i d e: May 14th
• Bas & J. Cole -  ft. Lil Tjay: July 9th
• Dreamville & J. Cole - Heavens EP: September 21st
• Joyner Lucas & J. Cole - Your Heart: September 24th
• Wale - Poke It Out ft. J. Cole: September 30th
• Young Thug - Stressed ft. J. Cole & T-Shyne: October 15th
• Travis Scott - MAFIA ft. J. Cole: November 5th2022:• Benny the Butcher & J. Cole - Johnny P’s Caddy: January 28th
• YG - Scared Money ft. J. Cole & Moneybagg Yo: February 4th
• EARTHGANG, JID & J. Cole - WATERBOYZ: February 25th
• Dreamville, JID & J. Cole - Stick ft. Sheck Wes & Kenny Mason: March 31st
• Dreamville & J. Cole - Freedom of Speech: March 31st
• BIA - LONDON ft. J. Cole: April 8th
• Drake - Jimmy Cooks ft. 21 Savage & J. Cole: June 17th
• JID - 2007 ft. J. Cole: August 18th
• Smino - 90 Proof ft. J. Cole: September 30th2023:• J. Cole - procrastination (broke): January 18th
• Dreamville & J. Cole - Adonis Interlude (The Montage): March 3rd
• ​j-hope & J. Cole - on the street: March 3rd
• ​Lil Durk - All My Life ft. J. Cole: May 12th
• ​Summer Walker - To Summer, From Cole (Audio Hug) ft. J. Cole: May 19th
• ​J. Cole & Bas - Passport Bros: July 19th
• Burna Boy - Thanks ft. J. Cole: August 25th
• Gucci Mane - There I Go ft. J. Cole & Mike WiLL Made-It: August 25th
• Lil Yachty & J. Cole - The Secret Recipe: September 28th
• Drake - First Person Shooter ft. J. Cole: October 6th
• Drake - Evil Ways ft. J. Cole: November 17th
• Nicki Minaj - Let Me Calm Down ft. J. Cole: December 8th
• Bas & J. Cole - Paper Cuts: December 15th
• Bas & J. Cole - Home Alone: December 15thEmbed


Track: Blow Up

Lyrics:
67 ContributorsBlow Up Lyrics
La, la la la, la la la

Hey, this is a song for my haters
Yeah, y'all got me feeling like the greatest, yeah
Hey, this is a song for my haters
Hey, hey, y'all got me feeling like the greatest
Ha, bitch I'm about to blow up

Uh-huh, say what?
Bitch I'm about to blow up
Hey, I came up, I warmed up, the next up
Bitch I'm about to blow up

Huh, uh, now don’t it sound legendary?
Live enough to resurrect the dead and buried
This for niggas who ain't satisfied with secondary
This for my sisters who ain't satisfied with secretary
Uh, I’m blowing up, and bitch, I’m still me
But what's the cost to live your dream, do you feel me?
Everything glittering ain't what you think it will be
Funny how money, chains and whips make me feel free
I’m starring in this bitch, and yeah, I write the show
Fuck the haters, I’m headed to the place you like to go
They say, "What you fighting for?" The game is on life support
And Gary Coleman just passed, life is short
You might also like
Bitch I’m about to blow up
Look I’m about to blow up
Yeah, got to the club early
Just to get in free and wait for hoes to show up
Heh, but now it's bottles at them tables
Bring the models boy, I'm 'bout to pour up
Uh-huh, you know what?
Huh, bitch I’m about to blow up (La)
Left side, left side, hey (La la la)
Right side, right side, uh-huh (La la la)
Left side, left side, hey (La la la)
Bitch I'm about to blow up (La la la)

Hey, this is a song for my haters
(Bitch I'm about to blow up)
Yeah, y'all got me feeling like the greatest, yeah
(Ha, said I'm about to blow up)
Hey, this is a song for my haters
(Uh-huh, bitch I'm about to blow up)
Hey, hey, y'all got me feeling like the greatest, yeah
Bitch I’m about to blow up

Mama say I should reconsider law school
That means I wear a suit and bend the truth and feel awful
Hell naw, got a degree, but what that cost you?
You make a good salary just to pay Sallie Mae
That's real as ever, ducking bill collectors like Jehovah’s witness
When they showed up at your door at Christmas
Was broke as dishes, tryna let it go
Hit the club, she drop it low, lower than my credit score
Account overdraft, what I got this debit for?
So much debt, it got me drinking, thinking "Bitch I better blow"
I better blow, these hoes ain't checking
For no nigga with no vehicle, you border like Mexico
Heh, hey baby girl, what it look like?
And where ya head at? And what ya cook like?
She said, "Where your bread at? Or what your whip like?
You ain't got one or the other, well brother, good night"
Bitch I’m about to blow up
Look I’m about to blow up
Yeah, got to the club early
Just to get in free and wait for hoes to show up
Heh, but now it's bottles at them tables
Bring the models boy, I'm 'bout to pour up
Uh-huh, you know what?
Huh, bitch I’m about to blow up (La)
Left side, left side, hey (La la la)
Right side, right side, uh-huh (La la la)
Left side, left side, hey (La la la)
Bitch I'm about to blow up (La la la)

Hey, this is a song for my haters
(Bitch I'm about to blow up)
Yeah, y'all got me feeling like the greatest, yeah
(Ha, said I'm about to blow up)
Hey, this is a song for my haters
(Look I'm about to blow up)
Hey, hey, y'all got me feeling like the greatest, yeah
Bitch I’m about to blow up

Praise God, it’s hard to stay spiritual
How they got these niggas on the TV selling miracles?
You mean to tell me everything goin be fine
If I call your hotline and pay $29.99? (Shit)
Well damn, why ain't you say so?
Take this check and ask God to multiply all my pesos
And erase my number out the phones of these fake hoes
I saved her number just in case but now it’s case closed
To you niggas biting my flows and my subject matter
You’ll never be me partner so it don’t fuckin' matter
You try to be and your career will see funerals
And be you, that's when it sounds beautiful
Then maybe you can blow up
And maybe you can blow up
Shit, but you know what?
For now, bitch I’m about to blow up24Embed


Track: Higher

Lyrics:
53 ContributorsHigher Lyrics
Come here, I’m 'bout to take you higher
We about to set this bitch on fire
Pour a little gas, spark up your lighter
You might not be the one but you the one that I desire
Come here, I’m 'bout to take you higher
We about to set this bitch on fire
Pour a little gas, spark up your lighter
You might not be the one

Hey, uh
What up girl? Tell me how you feelin’
You look sweet enough to make a nigga need a filling
If you got a man, do that nigga need a fill-in?
She said, "Looks kill and I’m tryna make a killin'"
And God willing, I’d be chilling on the boat nigga
Love is a gamble, I ain’t dealin’ with no broke nigga
Down in Miami with a super ho team
Tryna bag a brother with a Super Bowl ring
Oh, she down in Dallas at the All-Star game
Spittin’ All-Star game
Tryna get a nigga with a all-star name, somethin’ like James
Somethin like Wade, if you something like paid
You can fuck tonight, yeah, she sayin', "Fuck some nice J's
What about your life savings?" Won’t spend her life slavin’
So she graduated, rich nigga wife training
And if you got money, man the head is amazing
You might also like
Come here I’m 'bout to take you higher
We about to set this bitch on fire
Pour a little gas, spark up your lighter
You might not be the one but you the one that I desire
Come here I’m 'bout to take you higher
We about to set this bitch on fire
Pour a little gas, spark up your lighter
You might not be the one

What up girl? Tell me how you been
Ain’t seen ya since the 12th grade, even back then
Thought you was a cutie, though your booty mad thin
But you done got thick on a nigga, goddamn
Hey now, I got a thing for you
It's been a long time comin', I should hang with you
'Cause see way back, I thought to fuck with you was impossible
Count your baby daddy’s now, two and a possible
Uh, you still got it though, yeah, you still got it though
Girl your body lookin’ like a fuckin’ pot of gold
You got your mean little walk with the model pose
You got your hair did, you got designer clothes
You still got it though, yeah, you still got it though
You got your nails did, damn girl, you're on a roll
Do you give brains? Did you make the honor roll?
Don’t worry bout your man baby, he ain’t gotta know
Come here, I’m 'bout to take you higher
We about to set this bitch on fire
Pour a little gas, spark up your lighter
You might not be the one but you the one that I desire
Come here, I’m 'bout to take you higher
We about to set this bitch on fire
Pour a little gas, spark up your lighter
You might not be the one

Hey, I get bored so fast that they won’t last
But girl you’re special like I met you in the slow class
'Cause yo ass got me fiending for ya so far
My life is like a movie, would you be my co-star?
Like Halle Berry? Your old nigga act like a bitch, like Tyler Perry
You caught him down in Memphis cheating like Calipari
I see you like to stay up on your ESPN
If your mind is on sex, you must got ESP then
Had a crush on way back, I wasn’t VIP then
But I was plotting on you, I really wish that I'd have got to know you
Before we grew up and I blew up with these Benjamins
That way I know for sure your love is really genuine
Is you my homie? Well show me what kind of friend you is
What if it's phony? Yeah only 'cause I can give you ends
Too late for turning back, fuck it, we continuing
Get your ass in that position I love to bend you in
Come here, I'm 'bout to take you higher
We about to set this bitch on fire
Pour a little gas, spark up your lighter
You might not be the one but you the one that I desire
Come here, I'm 'bout to take you higher
We about to set this bitch on fire
Pour a little gas, spark up your lighter
You might not be the one22Embed


Track: In the Morning (Ft. Drake)

Lyrics:
2 ContributorsJ. Cole  LyricsProjects:2007:• J. Cole - The Come Up Vol. 1: May 4th2009:• J. Cole - The Warm Up: June 15th2010:• J. Cole - Friday Night Lights: November 12th2011:• J. Cole - Any Given Sunday #1: July 31st
• J. Cole - Any Given Sunday #2: August 7th
• J. Cole - Any Given Sunday #5: September 4th
• J. Cole - Cole World: The Sideline Story: September 27th2013:• J. Cole - Truly Yours: February 12th
• J. Cole - Truly Yours 2: April 30th
• J. Cole - Born Sinner: June 18th2014:• Dreamville - Revenge of the Dreamers: January 28th
• J. Cole - 2014 Forеst Hills Drive: Decembеr 9th2015:• Dreamville - Revenge of the Dreamers II: December 8th2016:• J. Cole - Forest Hills Drive: Live from Fayetteville, NC: January 28th
• J. Cole - 4 Your Eyez Only: December 9th2018:• J. Cole - KOD: April 20th2019:• Dreamville - Revenge of the Dreamers III: July 5th2020:• Dreamville - Revenge of the Dreamers III: Director’s Cut: January 16th
• J. Cole - Lewis Street: July 22nd2021:• J. Cole - The Off-Season: May 14th2022:• Dreamville - D-Day: A Gangsta Grillz Mixtape: March 31st2023:• Dreamville - Creed III: The Soundtrack: March 3rdTracks:2007:• J. Cole - Intro (The Come Up Vol. 1): May 4th
• J. Cole - Simba: May 4th
• J. Cole - I'm the Man: May 4th
• J. Cole - School Daze: May 4th
• J. Cole - Dolla and A Dream: May 4th
• J. Cole - Throw It Up: May 4th
• J. Cole - Quote Me: May 4th
• J. Cole - College Boy: May 4th
• J. Cole - Split You Up: May 4th
• J. Cole - Plain (Skit): May 4th
• J. Cole - The Come Up: May 4th
• J. Cole - Mighty Crazy: May 4th
• J. Cole - Dead Presidents: May 4th
• J. Cole - Lil Ghetto Nigga: May 4th
• J. Cole - Homecoming: May 4th
• J. Cole - Carolina On My Mind ft. Deacon: May 4th
• J. Cole - Can't Cry: May 4th
• J. Cole - Goin Off: May 4th
• J. Cole - Rags to Riches (At The Beep): May 4th
• J. Cole - Get It: May 4th
• J. Cole - I Do My Thing ft. Nervous Reck: May 4th2009:• J. Cole - Shook Ones (Freestyle): June 10th
• J. Cole - Intro (The Warm Up): June 15th
• J. Cole - Welcome: June 15th
• J. Cole - Can I Live: June 15th
• J. Cole - Grown Simba: June 15th
• J. Cole - Just to Get By: June 15th
• J. Cole - Lights Please: June 15th
• J. Cole - Dead Presidents II: June 15th
• J. Cole - I Get Up: June 15th
• J. Cole - World is Empty: June 15th
• J. Cole - Dreams ft. Brandon Hines: June 15th
• J. Cole - Royal Flush: June 15th
• J. Cole - Dollar and a Dream II: June 15th
• J. Cole - Water Break (Interlude): June 15th
• J. Cole - Heartache: June 15th
• J. Cole - Get Away: June 15th
• J. Cole - Knock Knock: June 15th
• J. Cole - Ladies: June 15th
• J. Cole - Til’ Infinity: June 15th
• J. Cole - The Badness ft. Omen: June 15th
• J. Cole - Hold It Down: June 15th
• J. Cole - Last Call: June 15th
• J. Cole - Losing My Balance: June 15th
• Wale - Rather Be (Vagina Is For Lovers) ft. Curren$y & J. Cole: June 19th
• JAY-Z - A Star Is Born ft. J. Cole: September 8th
• Wale - Beautiful Bliss ft. Melanie Fiona & J. Cole: November 10th2010:• B.o.B - Gladiators ft. J. Cole: February 1st
• Reflection Eternal - Just Begun ft. Jay Electronica, J. Cole & Yasiin Bey: May 18th
• Young Chris - Still the Hottest ft. J. Cole: May 19th
• Miguel - All I Want Is You ft. J. Cole: May 25th
• J. Cole - Who Dat: May 31st
• Yo Gotti - Look In The Mirror (Remix) ft. Wiz Khalifa, J. Cole & Wale: September 29th
• Fashawn - Relaxation ft. J. Cole & Omen: October 4th
• Kanye West - Looking for Trouble ft. Pusha T, CyHi, Big Sean & J. Cole: November 5th
• J. Cole - Friday Night Lights (Intro): November 12th
• J. Cole - Too Deep for the Intro: November 12th
• J. Cole - Before I'm Gone: November 12th
• J. Cole - Back to the Topic (Freestyle): November 12th
• J. Cole - You Got It ft. Wale: November 12th
• J. Cole - Villematic: November 12th
• J. Cole - Enchanted ft. Omen: November 12th
• J. Cole - Blow Up: November 12th
• J. Cole - Higher: November 12th
• J. Cole - In the Morning ft. Drake: November 12th
• J. Cole - 2Face: November 12th
• J. Cole - The Autograph: November 12th
• J. Cole - Best Friend: November 12th
• J. Cole - Cost Me a Lot: November 12th
• J. Cole - Premeditated Murder: November 12th
• J. Cole - Home for the Holidays: November 12th
• J. Cole - Love Me Not: November 12th
• J. Cole - See World: November 12th
• J. Cole - Farewell: November 12th
• Sean Garrett - Feel Love ft. J. Cole: December 10th
• Keri Hilson - Buyou ft. J. Cole: December 17th2011:• Rihanna - S&M (J. Cole Remix) ft. J. Cole: January 18th
• Chip - Champion (Remix) ft. J. Cole & Chris Brown: February 5th
• J. Cole - Killers: March 15th
• J. Cole - Return Of Simba: May 23rd
• Wale - Fitted Cap ft. Meek Mill, Rick Ross & J. Cole: May 23rd
• J. Cole - Work Out: June 15th
• Wale - Bad Girls Club ft. J. Cole: July 14th
• J. Cole - Like a Star: July 31st
• J. Cole - Knock on Wood (Freestyle): July 31st
• J. Cole - Pity ft. Voli Contra & Omen: July 31st
• J. Cole - How High: July 31st
• J. Cole - Unabomber: July 31st
• J. Cole - Bring Em In: August 7th
• J. Cole - Roll Call: August 7th
• J. Cole - Be (Freestyle): August 7th
• Maejor - Trouble ft. J. Cole: August 11th
• Elle Varner - Only Wanna Give It To You ft. J. Cole: August 16th
• J. Cole - Can't Get Enough ft. Trey Songz: September 1st
• J. Cole - Heavy: September 4th
• J. Cole - Neverland: September 4th
• J. Cole - Who Datt Pt. 2 ft. Childish Gambino & SD: September 7th
• J. Cole - Breakdown: September 11th
• J. Cole - Mr. Nice Watch ft. JAY-Z: September 14th
• J. Cole - Intro: September 27th
• J. Cole - Dollar and a Dream III: September 27th
• J. Cole - Interlude (Cole World): September 27th
• J. Cole - Sideline Story: September 27th
• J. Cole - Cole World: September 27th
• J. Cole - Lost Ones: September 27th
• J. Cole - Never Told: September 27th
• J. Cole - Rise and Shine: September 27th
• J. Cole - God's Gift: September 27th
• J. Cole - Daddy's Little Girl: September 27th
• DJ Drama - Undercover ft. J. Cole & Chris Brown: October 11th
• Beyoncé - Party (Remix) ft. J. Cole: October 24th
• Omen - Mama Told Me ft. J. Cole: November 6th
• Elite - World Premiere ft. J. Cole: November 11th
• Red Cafe - Fly Together (Remix) ft. J. Cole, Wale & Trey Songz: December 9th
• Tinie Tempah - Like It Or Love It ft. Wretch 32 & J. Cole: December 16th2012:• Maejor - Trouble (Remix) ft. Nelly, Wale, T-Pain, Trey Songz & J. Cole: January 13th
• J. Cole - Nobody's Perfect ft. Missy Elliott: February 7th
• Tyga - Let It Show ft. J. Cole: February 21st
• J. Cole - Grew Up Fast: February 22nd
• J. Cole - Visionz of Home: March 2nd
• Melanie Fiona - This Time ft. J. Cole: March 20th
• J. Cole - The Cure: July 26th
• DJ Khaled - They Ready ft. J. Cole, Big K.R.I.T. & Kendrick Lamar: August 21st
• Rita Ora - Love and War ft. J. Cole: August 27th
• Trae tha Truth - I'm On 2.0 ft. Big K.R.I.T., J. Cole, Kendrick Lamar, Jadakiss, B.o.B, Gudda Gudda, Bun B, Tyga & Mark Morrison: August 29th
• Lil Wayne - Green Ranger ft. J. Cole: September 3rd
• Big Sean - 24k of Gold ft. J. Cole & Jhené Aiko: September 5th
• J. Cole - I'm a Fool: September 17th
• Kendrick Lamar - The Jig Is Up (Dump’n) ft. J. Cole: October 20th
• Selah Sue - Raggamuffin (Remix) ft. J. Cole: November 5th
• J. Cole - Miss America: November 13th
• French Montana - Diamonds ft. J. Cole & Rick Ross: November 19th
• Fabolous - Louis Vuitton ft. J. Cole: November 22nd
• The Game - Pray ft. JMSN & J. Cole: December 11th2013:• J. Cole - Can I Holla At Ya: February 12th
• J. Cole - Crunch Time: February 12th
• J. Cole - Rise Above: February 12th
• J. Cole - Tears for ODB: February 12th
• J. Cole - Stay: February 12th
• J. Cole - Power Trip ft. Miguel: February 14th
• J. Cole - Maine On Fire: April 18th
• J. Cole - Cole Summer: April 30th
• J. Cole - Kenny Lofton ft. Jeezy: April 30th
• J. Cole - Chris Tucker ft. 2 Chainz: April 30th
• J. Cole - Head Bussa: April 30th
• J. Cole - Cousins ft. Bas: April 30th
• J. Cole - 3 Wishes: April 30th
• J. Cole - Niggaz Know: May 30th
• J. Cole - Crooked Smile ft. TLC: June 4th
• Bas - Lit ft. KQuick & J. Cole: June 17th
• J. Cole - Villuminati: June 18th
• J. Cole - Kerney Sermon (Skit): June 18th
• J. Cole - LAnd of the Snakes: June 18th
• J. Cole - Mo Money (Interlude): June 18th
• J. Cole - Trouble: June 18th
• J. Cole - Runaway: June 18th
• J. Cole - Rich Niggaz: June 18th
• J. Cole - Where’s Jermaine (Skit): June 18th
• J. Cole - Forbidden Fruit ft. Kendrick Lamar: June 18th
• J. Cole - Chaining Day: June 18th
• J. Cole - Ain't That Some Shit (Interlude): June 18th
• J. Cole - Let Nas Down: June 18th
• J. Cole - Born Sinner ft. James Fauntleroy: June 18th
• J. Cole - New York Times ft. Bas & 50 Cent: June 18th
• J. Cole - Is She Gon Pop: June 18th
• J. Cole - Sparks Will Fly ft. Jhené Aiko: June 18th
• Drake - Jodeci Freestyle ft. J. Cole: June 22nd
• Elijah Blake - Vendetta ft. J. Cole: July 2nd
• Wale - Winter Schemes ft. J. Cole: July 9th
• DJ Khaled - Hell's Kitchen ft. Bas & J. Cole: October 22nd
• J. Cole - She Knows ft. Amber Coffman & Cults: October 29th
• Yo Gotti - Cold Blood ft. Canei Finch & J. Cole: November 19th
• Justin Timberlake - TKO (Black Friday Remix) ft. A$AP Rocky, Pusha T & J. Cole: December 16th2014:• Wale - Black Grammys ft. Rockie Fresh, Meek Mill & J. Cole: January 26th
• J. Cole - Lil’ Niggaz (Snippet): January 28th
• J. Cole - Revenge of the Dreamers: January 28th
• J. Cole - Blowin' Smoke: January 28th
• J. Cole - Bitchez ft. Bas & Omen: January 28th
• Treasure Davis - May the Bitter Man Win ft. J. Cole: January 28th
• J. Cole - Crooked Smile (Original): January 28th
• Bas - My Nigga Just Made Bail ft. J. Cole: April 29th
• J. Cole - Be Free: August 15th
• Maroon 5 - Animals (Remix) ft. J. Cole: September 29th
• Cozz - Knock tha Hustle (Remix) ft. J. Cole: October 3rd
• Jessie Ware - Kind Of...Sometimes...Maybe (Remix) ft. J. Cole: October 22nd
• J. Cole - Intro (2014 Forest Hills Drive): December 5th
• J. Cole - January 28th: December 9th
• J. Cole - Wet Dreamz: December 9th
• J. Cole - 03' Adolescence: December 9th
• J. Cole - A Tale of 2 Citiez: December 9th
• J. Cole - Fire Squad: December 9th
• J. Cole - St. Tropez: December 9th
• J. Cole - G.O.M.D.: December 9th
• J. Cole - No Role Modelz: December 9th
• J. Cole - Hello: December 9th
• J. Cole - Apparently: December 9th
• J. Cole - Love Yourz: December 9th
• J. Cole - Note to Self: December 9th2015:• Jeremih - Planez ft. J. Cole: January 27th
• Wale - The Pessimist ft. J. Cole: March 31st
• Boosie Badazz - Black Heaven ft. Keyshia Cole & J. Cole: May 26th
• Donnie Trumpet & The Social Experiment - Warm Enough ft. J. Cole & Noname: May 28th
• Omen - Things Change ft. J. Cole: July 21st
• Janet Jackson - No Sleeep ft. J. Cole: July 22nd
• Trae tha Truth - Children Of Men ft. J. Cole & Ink: July 24th
• J. Cole - Black Friday: November 27th
• Bas - Night Job ft. J. Cole: December 4th
• J. Cole - Folgers Crystals: December 8th
• J. Cole - Caged Bird ft. Omen: December 8th2016:• J. Cole - Intro (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - January 28th (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - Wet Dreamz (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - 03' Adolescence (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - A Tale of 2 Citiez (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - Fire Squad (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - St. Tropez (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - Intermission (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - G.O.M.D. (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - No Role Modelz (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - Hello (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - Apparently (Live): January 28th
• J. Cole - Love Yourz (Live): January 28th
• DJ Khaled - Jermaine’s Interlude ft. EARTHGANG & J. Cole: July 29th
• Spillage Village - Can't Call It ft. Bas, JID, EARTHGANG & J. Cole: November 8th
• J. Cole - False Prophets: December 1st
• J. Cole - ​everybody dies: December 2nd
• J. Cole - For Whom the Bell Tolls: December 9th
• J. Cole - Immortal: December 9th
• J. Cole - Deja Vu: December 9th
• J. Cole - Ville Mentality: December 9th
• J. Cole - She’s Mine, Pt. 1: December 9th
• J. Cole - Change: December 9th
• J. Cole - Neighbors: December 9th
• J. Cole - Foldin Clothes: December 9th
• J. Cole - She’s Mine, Pt. 2: December 9th
• J. Cole - 4 Your Eyez Only: December 9th2017:• J. Cole - High for Hours: January 16th
• Joey Bada$$ - LEGENDARY ft. J. Cole: April 7th
• Logic - AfricAryaN ft. Neil deGrasse Tyson & J. Cole: May 5th
• Salomon Faye - Live And Learn ft. Eryn Allen Kane & J. Cole: November 9th
• Miguel - Come Through and Chill ft. Salaam Remi & J. Cole: November 27th
• Jeezy - American Dream ft. J. Cole & Kendrick Lamar: December 14th2018:• Cozz - Zendaya ft. J. Cole: February 13th
• Royce da 5'9" - Boblo Boat ft. J. Cole: March 23rd
• ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​kiLL edward - Tidal Wave: April 18th
• J. Cole - Intro (KOD): April 20th
• J. Cole - KOD: April 20th
• J. Cole - Photograph: April 20th
• J. Cole - The Cut Off ft. kiLL edward: April 20th
• J. Cole - ATM: April 20th
• J. Cole - Motiv8: April 20th
• J. Cole - Kevin’s Heart: April 20th
• J. Cole - BRACKETS: April 20th
• J. Cole - Once an Addict (Interlude): April 20th
• J. Cole - FRIENDS ft. kiLL edward: April 20th
• J. Cole - Window Pain (Outro): April 20th
• J. Cole - 1985 (Intro to "The Fall Off"): April 20th
• Jay Rock - OSOM ft. J. Cole: June 15th
• J. Cole - Album of the Year (Freestyle): August 7th
• Bas & J. Cole - Tribe: August 22nd
• 6LACK - Pretty Little Fears ft. J. Cole: September 14th
• Wale - My Boy (Freestyle) ft. J. Cole: September 14th
• Rapsody - Sojourner ft. J. Cole: October 26th
• Moneybagg Yo - Say Na ft. J. Cole: November 2nd
• JID & J. Cole - Off Deez: November 6th
• Ari Lennox & J. Cole - Shea Butter Baby: November 16th
• Anderson .Paak - Trippy ft. J. Cole: November 16th
• 21 Savage - ​a lot ft. J. Cole: December 21st2019:• J. Cole - MIDDLE CHILD: January 23rd
• Offset - How Did I Get Here ft. J. Cole: February 22nd
• Ty Dolla $ign - Purple Emoji ft. J. Cole: May 20th
• Young Thug - The London ft. J. Cole & Travis Scott: May 23rd
• Dreamville - Down Bad ft. EARTHGANG, J. Cole, Bas, JID & Young Nudy: June 12th
• Dreamville, J. Cole & Lute - Under the Sun ft. DaBaby & Kendrick Lamar: July 5th
• Dreamville, J. Cole, JID, Cozz & EARTHGANG - 1993 ft. Buddy & Smino: July 5th
• Dreamville, JID & J. Cole - Rembrandt...Run It Back ft. Vince Staples: July 5th
• Dreamville, EARTHGANG & J. Cole - Sacrifices ft. Smino & Saba: July 5th
• Big K.R.I.T. - Prove It ft. J. Cole: July 12th
• Gang Starr - Family and Loyalty ft. J. Cole: September 20th2020:• J. Cole - Snow on tha Bluff: June 16th
• J. Cole - t h e . c l i m b . b a c k: July 22nd
• J. Cole - Lion King on Ice: July 22nd2021:• J. Cole - ​i n t e r l u d e: May 7th
• J. Cole - 9 5 . s o u t h: May 14th
• J. Cole - ​​a m a r i: May 14th
• J. Cole, 21 Savage & Morray - ​​m y . l i f e: May 14th
• J. Cole - a p p l y i n g . p r e s s u r e: May 14th
• J. Cole - p u n c h i n ’ . t h e . c l o c k: May 14th
• J. Cole & Bas - 1 0 0 . m i l ’: May 14th
• J. Cole & Lil Baby - p r i d e . i s . t h e . d e v i l: May 14th
• J. Cole, Bas & 6LACK - ​l e t . g o . m y . h a n d: May 14th
• J. Cole - c l o s e: May 14th
• J. Cole & Bas - h u n g e r . o n . h i l l s i d e: May 14th
• Bas & J. Cole -  ft. Lil Tjay: July 9th
• Dreamville & J. Cole - Heavens EP: September 21st
• Joyner Lucas & J. Cole - Your Heart: September 24th
• Wale - Poke It Out ft. J. Cole: September 30th
• Young Thug - Stressed ft. J. Cole & T-Shyne: October 15th
• Travis Scott - MAFIA ft. J. Cole: November 5th2022:• Benny the Butcher & J. Cole - Johnny P’s Caddy: January 28th
• YG - Scared Money ft. J. Cole & Moneybagg Yo: February 4th
• EARTHGANG, JID & J. Cole - WATERBOYZ: February 25th
• Dreamville, JID & J. Cole - Stick ft. Sheck Wes & Kenny Mason: March 31st
• Dreamville & J. Cole - Freedom of Speech: March 31st
• BIA - LONDON ft. J. Cole: April 8th
• Drake - Jimmy Cooks ft. 21 Savage & J. Cole: June 17th
• JID - 2007 ft. J. Cole: August 18th
• Smino - 90 Proof ft. J. Cole: September 30th2023:• J. Cole - procrastination (broke): January 18th
• Dreamville & J. Cole - Adonis Interlude (The Montage): March 3rd
• ​j-hope & J. Cole - on the street: March 3rd
• ​Lil Durk - All My Life ft. J. Cole: May 12th
• ​Summer Walker - To Summer, From Cole (Audio Hug) ft. J. Cole: May 19th
• ​J. Cole & Bas - Passport Bros: July 19th
• Burna Boy - Thanks ft. J. Cole: August 25th
• Gucci Mane - There I Go ft. J. Cole & Mike WiLL Made-It: August 25th
• Lil Yachty & J. Cole - The Secret Recipe: September 28th
• Drake - First Person Shooter ft. J. Cole: October 6th
• Drake - Evil Ways ft. J. Cole: November 17th
• Nicki Minaj - Let Me Calm Down ft. J. Cole: December 8th
• Bas & J. Cole - Paper Cuts: December 15th
• Bas & J. Cole - Home Alone: December 15thEmbed


Track: 2Face

Lyrics:
100 Contributors2Face Lyrics

Hey, I got a dollar and a dream
It's all a nigga got so it's about that green
And I'm all up in that spot, hey

Yeah, the mental state of a young black genius conflicted
The fast life I done seen on the screen is addictive
Money and clothes I done dreamed about
And all the hoes that I fiend about
Ay, tell me am I wrong for visualizing material shit I never had?
Waving gats instead of flags, the American Dream
Why do we cling to the villains, knowing they kill 'em?
My niggas high enough to swing from the ceiling
Ink from the pen spilling on my notebook
Filled with dreams, this is my hope book
Still the screams from little girls shot and killed fill my head on the daily
At times I question God, can you blame me? They can’t tame me
My voice screech through the streets, I'm a beast on 'em
Oh no, he will not fold, you will not see a crease on him
He will not slip or lose his grip, they got them cleats on him
But never will he run unless you call police on him

One time, two times, three times
Sometimes I scrap, sometimes I'm throwin' up the peace sign
It's two sides to a nigga though
I said it's two sides to a nigga, yo
Ay look, sometimes I'm feeling high then I'm feeling low
Lord, will I die? Will I survive? Let a nigga know
You say you know me but what side did you get to know?
It's two sides to a nigga, yo, yo, yo
You might also like
Yeah, some pussy niggas pulled out on me and my mans
Wasn’t for the pistol, we drop 'em right where he stands
But still we never ran, foolish pride made us stand right there
Not understanding we could lose our life there
And then it hit us, thinking 'bout the close calls from long distance
Uh, as lil niggas in the 'Ville, we was trippin
Type of nosy ass niggas to watch the fight until it's over
They ran when the gats came out, I moved closer
Foolish, what was I thinking? Wasn’t trying to be cool, it's
Just the thrill of the danger, get so filled up with anger
When a stranger get to violating
He sleeping on me wide awake, bitch I'll annihilate him
I'm tired of waiting on my ticket out this muh'fucker
Hope they don’t kill me before I get up out this muh'fucker
I gotta go, now can I be that nigga I thought I was? I gotta know
Will I make it like I thought I would? I gotta blow

One time, two times, three times
Sometimes I scrap, sometimes I'm throwin' up the peace sign
It's two sides to a nigga though
I said it's two sides to a nigga, yo
Ay look, sometimes I'm feeling high then I'm feeling low
Lord, will I die? Will I survive? Let a nigga know
You say you know me but what side did you get to know?
It's two sides to a nigga, yo, yo, yo
Yeah, I seen Heaven, seen Hell, the two faces of the Ville
One side dreams, the other side's real
One side schemes, the other side deals
What the pain brings, another mother cry still
Why the fuck am I here, God?
That nigga died, why the fuck am I still alive?
I feel ashamed 'cause the good Lord done brought all this success to me
And all I seem to focus on is all this stress on me
Blessed homie, we breathin', cold world got me sneezing
Wrote this when I was broke, so hey, I guess we even
Throwin' blows, fighting demons, tryna stop from bustin' semen
In an unfamiliar bitch, I know my niggas feel this shit
How could I fuck her raw? And I just met the ho
My dick took over, it ain't never felt this wet before
I'm stressing in my mind but its way to late to stop it
Make this shit so bad, I had a condom in my pocket
Lets change the topic, before I go berserk, I’m so alert
Riding down 95, nah, I ain't finna to go to work
I’m headed back home, ain't staying that long
I’m chasing dreams shawty, I'm paying back loans
I’m paying dues that a nigga paying tax on
I'm tryna blow like a nigga playing saxophone
I'm playing daddy to another nigga daughter
Don’t worry, even Jesus never saw his real father
It don’t bother me at all though
Yeah, say it don’t bother me at all
They got me thinking 'bout my mom though
Man, I can't wait to sing this song
I'll be like, I'll be like
Hey, don’t cry, hey, oh no
'Cause we ain't gotta worry 'bout the money no more
We ain't gotta worry 'bout how the bills get paid
We ain't gotta worry how the meals get fed
Don’t cry, hey, oh no
'Cause we ain't gotta worry 'bout the money no more
We ain't gotta worry 'bout how them bills get paid
We ain't gotta worry how the meals get fed
Hey, hey, hey41Embed


Track: The Autograph

Lyrics:
81 ContributorsThe Autograph Lyrics
Just turn the beat down just a little bit
Hey, yeah

They say anything's possible
You gotta dream like you never seen obstacles
Chasing obscene profits so we ain’t stopping for the red lights
Look in my rearview, all I see is niggas' headlights
Catch me if you can ho, they try and sack me and I scramble
Look up in the sky you’ll see exactly where I am bo
Hey, don’t you see me man?
Making my wishes come true with no genie man
I got the keys to my beamer with no Beenie Man
I’m on these rich niggas' ass, no bikini man
I bring the real to the day the Lord free me man
Never imagined that the kids would want to be me man
Ay, could it be I give the hopeless broke kids hope?
Caught me walking through the mall, looking like he seen a ghost
Simply had to approach, "What's up youngblood?"
Ay, ain't it strange?
A year ago today, my nigga, I was counting change
Yeah, hopping trains up in New York City
Know I gotta thank God, 'cause if you weren’t with me
Then I surely woulda died, you can throw the fork in me
This my New Year's resolution, dawg, no more pork in me
Uh, I ain't no Muslim though
Caron Butler, I’m a wizard if ya doesn't know
It's Young Simba, yeah, I’m ballin’ 'til the buzzer blow
You's tryna kick the shit I kick, man you gon' stub your toe
Boy that's just how tough I go, see this is my light work
This shit y'all callin' classic, I be like, "That might work"
Want you to feel something new, that's how a dyke work
They ask me 'bout pressure, they want to see my pipe burst
You might also like
Not tonight nigga
Ay, not tonight nigga
Yeah, hey
Man, man, hey

Man, I rap so vicious but I talk so politely
Never met a baby momma momma who don’t like me
Met a couple baby fathers though that wanna fight me
I hit it 'til she snooze like the news nigga, nightly
Send her back to you when she no longer excites me
Now she bitter with this nigga 'cause he ain't quite me
One thing's for certain baby girl, you are a wifey
Two things for fucking sure, I am not the husband though
So run back to him while you still can
He sticking with his wife and kid, yeah, that's a real man
I was ashamed all along and I still am
We let the lust interrupt something real, damn
Well girl we grown so you gotta play your own position
I wouldn’t say that you a ho, just made a ho decision
And you can blame it on the liquor like a prohibition
We both know that's what you wanted girl, I know you listenin'

Hey
Girl, I know you listenin'
Uh, I know you listenin'
Hey, yeah
Shoutout to the bootleggers who supply my shit
The fans online tryna find my shit
And to them niggas listening but won't buy my shit
Then catch me in the street and wanna ride my dick
Y’all niggas is the worst, see me
Like, "J. Cole homie, could you sign my burnt CD?"
Nigga please, a album ten dollars, you act like it’s ten Gs
This food for thought cost the same as two No. 3s
So at ease with that broke shit
We all tryna get a dollar boy, no shit
You know I feel your pain, therefore I slang this hope shit
And give you lines that you rewind and think, "Oh shit"
These rappers talk a lot of money, cars and hoes shit
I give you that and then a whole lot more shit
That "got rich and still rapping like I’m poor" shit
You niggas think you know shit, man you don’t know shit

Ho bitch
Yeah, Cole, bitch
Uh, J. Cole, nigga
Hey24Embed


Track: Best Friend

Lyrics:
28 ContributorsBest Friend Lyrics
I see your homegirl tryna sway you
How you figure I would play you
Would you look at that?
The same one that caught her nigga with some freak
All in her sheets left for a week
Then what she do? Double back
Now I know we far from perfect
But I feel like this is worth it, do you disagree with that?
If not then holla back
Hey and tell ya girl you’ll call her back

My best friend say, she sick of me, crying on the phone
Telling how her man dogging me
My best friend say, don't tell her nothing 'bout me and you
'Cause she ain't showing me no sympathy
My best friend say, if she was me, she woulda let ya go
Home a long time ago
My best friend say
My best friend say
I’ll be there, I’ll still be there for you

In time of need
You can lean on me
Come on, come on
I’ll be there for you
I’ll be there for you
In time of need
You can lean on me
Come on, come on
I’ll be there for you
You might also like
Now, now, now, now, know we be arguing
But ain't you riding with me?
We breaking, up we making up
Like Dwayne Wayne and Whitley
You throw things, you broke things
Use both hands and hit me
And right when you call the law
I’ll tell my boy to come get me
Then you, then you start listening
To friends, and then it gets tricky
They try to tell you leave, but this love is real sticky
So you ignore the hickeys, the pics of chicks in they vicky’s
That they sent me, is that real love
You’re the only one that I will love
Damn, damn

My best friend says
I can stay with her
At her house, no doubt, anytime I like
My best friend says
Don't let you in my life cause you don't do for me and you don't act right
My best friend says
If she was me, she would let you go a long, long time ago
My best friend says, my best friend says
I’ll still be there for you
In time of need
You can lean on me
Come on, come on
I’ll be there for you
I’ll be there for you
In time of need
You can lean on me
Come on, come on
I’ll be there for you

Girl I can see it in your eyes
How you feeling? Let me know what's on your mind
We’ve been together for a long long time
Hey, girl I can see it in your eyes
I know to you it feel like I’m never around
Round, round, round
But if you leave me then who else gon hold me down?
Hey, hey, hey4Embed


Track: Cost Me a Lot

Lyrics:
60 ContributorsCost Me a Lot Lyrics
What can I do?
It’s cost me a lot
It’s cost me a lot (Nigga this shit right here nigga)
It’s cost me a lot (Nigga this shit right here?)
(Shit homie) It’s cost me a lot (Shit homie)
It’s cost me a lot (Nigga this shit right here nigga)
It’s cost me a lot (Nigga this shit right here?)
It’s cost me a lot (Hey)
It’s cost me a lot (Hey)

Just one of them days, a nigga feel like flossin’
A Stone Cold Stunner, bitch, I'm Steve Austin
Cool as Drew Brees, I’m blowin' a few Gs
Just to hear them hoes say he’s awesome
He’s awful, yeah remember when ya fronted on me
Pulled up beside me in that big body and stunted on me
Or when the bouncer just announced that it was bottle service only
Then he kicked me out the line, yeah he punted on me
Well look, I’m back, bitch, back with an attitude
Buyin' out the bar, 'cause I feel like this the shit I gotta prove
Last year the cashier told me my card was not approved
Now I’m tippin' the server a hundred to show my gratitude
Easy, told you I’d be back baby, I guess you ain't believe me
Now I’m living just like the niggas you see on TV
VIP feel like this club oughta thank me
I hit the bar so y’all can see me ballin’, HD
You might also like
It’s cost me a lot
Big chains, big whips with wood grain
It’s cost me a lot
My God, watch make momma think someone might rob
It’s cost me a lot
Fast life and till the gas light
Copped the type of shit you couldn’t get at half price
It’s cost me a lot
Look but don’t touch motherfucker, think twice
It’s cost me a lot

Now I don’t love no material things
But I’m in love with the feelings they bring
I got em like damn, how, how, how he do that
Damn, how, how, how, how he do that
Now I don’t love no material things
But I’m in love with the feelings they bring
I got em like damn, how, how, how he do that
Damn, how, how, how, how he do that

Knee deep in the game, my chain heavy
Somebody get the pilot and ask is the plane ready
To handle all the weight on my shoulders we takin' off
Don’t wanna meet Aaliyah but yet I can’t take it off
'Cause how I’m supposed to shine without the proper bling
Remember when I did a show with Waka Flocka Flame
Felt naked 'cause the boy rocked about a thousand chains
Guess we rock a lot of ice 'cause we got a lot of pain
Thats five hundred years of swellin', I’m tryna tell 'em
Jacob the Jeweler is cooler now that he a felon
Jay put a stamp on the nigga but wouldn’t mail him
If he couldn't sell him, so what that tell him, huh?
My chain heavy and my bitches look very thorough
Must be the money like Deion with the Jheri curl
White Range, call that motherfucker Larry Bird
I got em hangin' on every word
It’s cost me a lot
Big chains, big whips with wood grain
It’s cost me a lot
My God, watch make momma think someone might rob
It’s cost me a lot
Fast life and till the gas light
Copped the type of shit you couldn’t get at half price
It’s cost me a lot
Look but don’t touch motherfucker, think twice
It’s cost me a lot

Now I don’t love no material things
But I’m in love with the feelings they bring
I got em like damn, how, how, how he do that
Damn, how, how, how, how he do that
Now I don’t love no material things
But I’m in love with the feelings they bring
I got em like damn, how, how, how he do that
Damn, how, how, how, how he do that8Embed


Track: Premeditated Murder

Lyrics:
93 ContributorsPremeditated Murder Lyrics
Yeah, hey
Hey

Yeah, am I changing right before your eyes? Huh
Becoming someone you don't recognize
As if I was disguised, I'm on that shit as if I was the flies
I'm touching skies, no puffing lye
Man these songs that I made in my bedroom and shit
Goin' finally give a nigga leg room in the whip
From a Civic to a 7, must've died and went to heaven
Like a passenger on 9/11, please go find a reverend
You see I promised that I'd never change
But that was way before I made the dough and met the game
Say hello to Miss Thang, I forgot yo name, she yellow
And even white women want a nigga, Othello
I'm balling with nuggets, like fuck it I'm Carmelo
Now the crib got much rooms, Portobello
She drop it low and then she bust moves for the fellow
I sit your ass down like you was playing a cello
See, you niggas hated and I levitated further
Knew I would kill the game, premeditated murder
So if it comes down, may the best man win
No sweat like a headband then, nigga
You might also like
Where I'm from, if you ever seen what I seen
You know it can't get no better for me
No, it can't get no better for me
Where I'm from, if you ever seen what I seen
You know it can't get no better for me
No, it can't get no better for me

I'ma kill the game and invite witnesses
No death penalty, I'm giving life sentences
Like keep grinding boy, your life can change in one year
And even when it's dark out, the sun is shining somewhere
Yeah, look here I paid dues
My own worst enemy so fuck it, either way I can't lose
808's so my south niggas feel me
Light-skinned it so the house niggas feel me
She catch me creeping out your house she'll kill me
Is it worth it for what's under that blouse?
My heart'll turn pitch black and cold if I split with my girl
If I could gift-wrap the globe, I'd give you the world
But, do you love me like you used to?
Even though I ain't that nigga that you're used to
Remember back when I was broke? You would fix me
Do you prefer the broke me or the rich me?
The broke me couldn't buy you meals, not even a value meal
And now I pay for everything, how you feel?
Mixed feelings 'cause now all the chicks feeling him
You gotta adapt though, I'm never going back
Where I'm from, if you ever seen what I seen
Hey, you know it can't get no better for me
No, it can't get no better for me
Where I'm from, if you ever seen what I seen
Hey, you know it can't get no better for me
No, it can't get no better for me

I can't keep running away
I can't keep running away
I swear I'm coming back one day
Hey
What if I'm wrong
And I ain't got what it takes
Then all them people that was counting on me
Boy won't you climb down the mountain for me
Hey, hey, hey, alright18Embed


Track: Home for the Holidays

Lyrics:
74 ContributorsHome for the Holidays Lyrics

Hey, this is the story of a youngin dreamin'
Left his city to see if he could be what he dreamin’
Big city on his own shit
But every now and then a nigga get homesick
Pick up the phone, holla at my partner he telling me, be warned
A lot of shit done changed in the time that you’ve been gone
Streets got meaner, the hoes got growner
And went and got babies the day they got they diplomas, damn
Gon’ be some niggas missing when you fly back
If you black, they sending you to jail or to Iraq
Old buddy that we hoop with, with the bad chick and a fly 'lac
And a gold chain? Caught him on the Merc, tryna buy crack
Damn homie! Shit, in high school you was the man homie
The fuck happened to you?
Used to beat niggas down at the buses after school
Now you looking like a motherfucking fool

Said I’ll be home for the holidays
So when you see me, better holla at me
I gotta get up out this city ‘fore it try to trap me
I gotta leave, I wish I could stay
But I’ll be home for the holidays (Yeah)
And to those that I used to know
From way before, keep your head up
Come let's get this bread up
Girl, I gotta go, I wish I could stay
But I’m coming home for the holidays (Yeah)
You might also like
Hey, this is a story 'bout some puppy love
But at the time boy, I was feeling like this must be love
Although now I'm on my grown shit
She bad as hell, a nigga still get homesick
I was fresh up off a scholarship
Dressed like a black man in college shit
Got a little knowledge now I’m following the politics
But I still gotta holla at my old chick
So sweet, so thick, girl pick up your phone, it’s me
She said, “What, we ain't homies no more
You go to college now you act like you don’t know me no more"
Girl please, we got history, semester seem so long
The last time I seen you baby you ain't have no clothes on
So if history repeats itself (Yeah)
When I get home, girl it's on, you ain't gon' need ya belt
Or your pants or your drawers, then we hit the rewind
Just don’t give it up in the meantime

Said I’ll be home for the holidays
So when you see me, better holla at me
I gotta get up out this city ‘fore it try to trap me
I gotta leave, I wish I could stay
But I’ll be home for the holidays (Yeah)
And to those that I used to know
From way before, keep your head up
Come let's get this bread up
Girl, I gotta go, I wish I could stay
But I’m coming home for the holidays
Man I reminisce on them school days
I know you know them act a fool days
That missed the bus then hit the blunt and go to school blazed
Trying to get laid so I gotta stay fly
But a nigga hella shy you would have thought that's where the Bulls play
Was just a freshman could used a little cool, ayy
Crushing on them upperclassmen but it was too late
Buddy she was dating, yeah, he had the freshest shoes
But the nigga graduated and he never made two A’s
Hey if you’re listening, we got in school
But who will pay our tuition man?
These niggas crazy
One year cost 'bout same as a Mercedes
Four years cost wife, crib, and a baby
Ay maybe this ain't for me
Only if I could be LeBron and go straight to league
The worst part of growing up man: shit just ain't for free
Maybe I can be somebody people pay to see
And maybe I should move up out here to the place to be
To get from A to Z, aye what you think I'm crazy
If I told you one day that I'ma sign with Jay-Z
And will I make it man I guess we gotta wait and see

Said I’ll be home for the holidays
And when you see me, better holla at me
I gotta get up out this city 'fore it try to trap me
I gotta leave, I wish I could stay
But I’ll be home for the holidays (Hey)
And to those that I used to know
From way before, keep your head up
Come let's get this bread up
Girl, I gotta go, wish I could stay
But I’m coming home for the holidays (Yeah)6Embed


Track: Love Me Not

Lyrics:
53 ContributorsLove Me Not Lyrics
It's like she loves me
She loves me
And then she loves me not
She loves me not
Feel like she loves me
She loves me
And then she loves me not
She loves me not
Then she loves me not

Hey, I know that this ain't nothing that you used to
Out of the ordinary, unusual
I know you had your whole life planned out
So to watch this pan out I know this shit gotta confuse you
I know you wonder why I had to choose you
Don't wanna take you for granted or abuse you
So I’ma keep it honest
I think it’s a little ironic
If I hit another chick its gonna bruise you
Shit, staring out the window of this plane
Thinking if it crash, I’ll never see your ass again
Wouldn't that be a shame
Cause look at all the shit we overcame
Made it through the flame and never got cremated
I made it to the fame and never got too jaded
All them other couples we fuck with, secretly hated
Flash forward it’s been years, we the only ones that made it
Shit, remember I was straying from home
And "Where I Wanna Be" was my favorite song
Sometimes I still be on my Donell Jones
But I just can’t leave you alone
You might also like
It's like she loves me
She loves me
And then she loves me not
She loves me not
Feel like she loves me
She loves me
And then she loves me not
She loves me not
Then she loves me not

She know me like a book, its too easy to read my ass
Unhappy stressed, yelling don’t mislead my ass
I mean I make it so easy to please my ass
The shoe was on the other foot and you would leave my ass
True that
My song all on the radio, Who Dat
Am I so far gone, used to see both sides like the Mohawk on
Now I know you wonder why this phone lock on
All this time that I’ve been with ya you ain't used to do that
I loved your ass way before I knew you could rap
The way you breaking my heart I should sue you for that
Call up my uncles and my cousins have them do you for that
We had a deal you ain't keeping up your end of the shit
In my mind I know she get the short end of the stick
Try to justify it thinking, man we finna be rich
Some bad bitch I barely know sending me flicks
It's like she loves me
She loves me
And then she loves me not
She loves me not
Feel like she loves me
She loves me
And then she loves me not
She loves me not
Then she loves me not15Embed


Track: See World

Lyrics:
51 ContributorsSee World Lyrics
This is Shaniya Davis, last seen wearing a blue sleep shirt and pink underwear. The search for the little girl is now entering its 11th hour in Fayetville, and there’s some disturbing new details

Yeah, hey
Fayettenam nigga
Dreamville nigga
J. Cole
Hey, ah
I ain't ready yet
Yeah, I ain't ready yet
Yeah, hey

Gettin' higher than the soul of little Shaniya
And to the ones that killed her, hope you burn in fire
I’m burnin' tires on the strip, tryna get a grip
Liquor in the cupholder, tryna get a sip
6 shots of Hennessey, I’m still goin' strong
Please numb me from the bullshit that’s goin' on
That girl was 5 years old that they just murdered
And did some wicked shit to her that was unheard of
You fuckin' coward, ain’t gotta tell em’ go to Hell
'Cause that’s the shit that make them other niggas sick in jail
So you gon’ feel it
Travel the world reppin' this city, know I’m gon' kill it
But yet a nigga ain’t got a clue
How I’m gon' deal with all the bullshit
Niggas sendin' shots my way
You put a hit out on me, think that I’m gon' stop? No way
Gon' have to kill me, or witness a nigga livin' so filthy
Young, black, and wealthy, nigga for that I’m guilty
Still see all the fake shit, it’s funny somehow
Thought the money could erase it, no matter how
Much dough you got you gotta face it, and to my niggas gone
Hope you in a better place, if I make it I’ll holla…
You might also like
See world, huh-uh
You’re no good, uh-uh, hey
Yeah, see world
You’re no good, uh-uh
No matter how I hate flashbacks and rewinds
Can’t escape the pain that be trapped in my mind
Nigga, see world
You’re no good

Uh, I got a chip on my shoulder the size of a Golden Nugget
The industry overlook me, for that I be holding grudges
Wouldn’t take a chance on me, suddenly it's, oh you love it
Let's get a Cole feature, that's gon' put you over budget, now
Picture being broke without no pot to piss in
And then suddenly your idols is your competition
Used to be like God to me, slowly losing my religion
As these notes from my composition turn to competitions, then
Put it out and hope the world sing
We sippin’ liquor for the pain that the world bring
We had dreams just to make it up the flag pole
Just to find out that our heroes were some assholes, y’all don't hear me
Maybe I had the world figured out wrong
When these niggas go from singing our songs and waiting on you
'Bout a year later the same ones be hatin’ on you
Every other record these rappers be faking on you
Dog, we sing your songs but we know that ain’t you
We know you gotta make the people pay you
'Cause either you play the game or watch the game play you
And be that broke muthafucker talkin' 'bout “I stayed true”
Yeah, see world, huh-uh
You’re no good, uh-uh, hey
Yeah, see world
You’re no good, uh-uh
No matter how I hate flashbacks and rewinds
Can’t escape the pain that be trapped in my mind
Nigga, see world
You’re no good

By candlelight, they stood as one, numb with shock and disbelief. A little girl's body, found Monday, is believed to be five-year-old Shaniya Davis, missing since last Tuesday. Davis has been charged with the unthinkable; prostituting her five year old daughter. Security camera’s spotted a man carrying Shaniya into a hotel last Tuesday. This man, police said, is now charged with Shaniya’s kidnapping. Search parties found the girl’s body yesterday a 100 feet off-road, wearing only a t-shirt

Yeah, see world, huh-uh
You’re no good, uh-uh, hey
Yeah, see world
You’re no good, uh-uh
No matter how I hate flashbacks and rewinds
Can’t escape the pain that be trapped in my mind
Nigga, see world
You’re no good16Embed


Track: Farewell

Lyrics:
59 ContributorsFarewell Lyrics
Yeah, farewell
Hey, farewell
All my niggas farewell
Fayettenam

Look, some niggas let their dirt out, some just keep it all in ‘em
So when a man dies all his secrets go with him
And fade, a part of history no longer known
Done did a lot of dirt I’ll bury with me when I’m gone
When my story’s told, how will they tell it?
Will they say I was a giver or remember I was selfish?
Will they say I was a sinner or pretend I was a saint?
Will I go down as a winner, what's the picture they gon' paint?
Wouldn’t say that I’m a quitter, that's one thing I know I ain't
Will they tarnish, will they taint? Glorify me, over-think?
Say they know me, say I’m great? Say I’m phoney, I was fake?
Say the things about me that they never told me to my face?
I was loved I was hated, just a nigga with a dream
I’m a liar, I was honest, I was all of these things
When I’m gone let 'em talk, they discussing who I am
When they bury me just know I wasn't nothing but a man
Wasn’t nothin’ but a man

This for them niggas climbin’ heaven's stairwell
Yeah, hey farewell
Yeh, hey farewell
This for niggas climbin’ heaven's stairwell
I pray you farewell
I bid you farewell
Yeah, hey, farewell
Yeah, yeah
You might also like
If I should die, Lord, this here is my will
Reincarnate a nigga, send me right back to the Ville
Let me relive my younger days just once again
Reenact my memories from every friend to every sin
Keeping demons buried in my closet
But yet I put in work like a deposit on my bank account
My eyes lit while I think about my childhood, now I'm blanking out
Those were truly my best days
The only thing I had to stress was how the hell to get laid
Gradually turn into me stressin’ how the hell to get paid
Been making songs so long, now how the hell they get played?
Ok, I’m blowing up quickly, I guess the flow is sickly
But yet I can’t forget my past and hope it won’t forget me
Got good grades but A's can’t stop strays so pray for me
Pour liquor for my niggas but hey, don’t wait for me
'Cause I’m trying to cheat death, she out to bury my ass
You know the cliche “life's a bitch” well I’m gon marry that ass
And sign a prenup, think back to when we tore the skating rink up
Rapping and we scrapping, we got older hit the teen club
Gave mean mugs to niggas but we winked to all the girls
Then we went back to the crib thinking we had saw the world
No sir, came a long way from having momma chauffer
It's hard to think these hoes at some point were so pure
But now we play the game, when it's over send me back
I swear I’m not gon change a thing
Swear I’m not gon change a thing
This for them niggas climbin’ heaven's stairwell
Yeah, hey farewell
I pray you niggas farewell
This for them niggas climbin’ heaven's stairwell
Hey farewell
Hey farewell
Yeah, hey, farewell
Yeah
I love who you are, love who you ain't
I love who you are, love who you ain't
I love who you are, love who you ain't
I love who you are, love who you ain't
I love who you are​27Embed


Track: Looking for Trouble by Kanye West (Ft. Big Sean, CyHi, J. Cole & Pusha T)

Lyrics:
2 ContributorsTranslationsEnglishKanye West - Looking for Trouble ft. Big Sean, CyHi The Prynce, J. Cole & Pusha T (Traducción al Español) Lyrics

Pandilla de refuerzo de Pusha
Música burbujeante
No busco problema
Busco problema, problema, problema
Pero lo encontraste, hijo de puta
Algunos ciclos que yo siento
Sí!
Solo quema el pan del Lambo

Todo lo que veo son rosas negras, poses de narcotraficantes
Paleando a ese ángel del diablo en sus narices
Nunca dejes que la cárcel convierta a mi Shyne en Moisés
No pude limpiar mi alma con esas mangueras de derechos civiles
Techo panorámico, bajo vidrio como una montaña rusa
Conductor del asiento trasero, insultos raciales al chofer
Mocasines Killian, Mikimoto la ahoga
La sesión de fotos no tiene precio, enmarca nuestros carteles de búsqueda
La audacia, la guerra trae bajas
Perra, ten a mi hijo antes de que enfrente esa tragedia
Ugh, Yo ordeno hits, ella ordena mahi
R.I.P. Vivian Blake, un saludo al Shower Posse, adiós!
You might also like
Música burbujeante
No busco problema
Busco problema, problema, problema
Pero tú lo encontraste, hijo de puta
Algunos ciclos que yo siento
Sí, sí
Solo quemar el pan de cordero

Extraño la misoginia, las perras malas me masajean
A veces, bajamos nuestros estándares en las universidades
Así que por favor no me juzgues, ugh, por lo siguiente:
Perras gordas tragando, perras flacas modelando
Quítate ese Givenchy y pongámonos obscenos
Haré que tu cara se vea como el Capitán Crunch-y
El diablo se queda probando
Porque cuando persigues la vagina, es un pecado
Pero si cae en tu regazo, es una bendición
Tan pronto como conseguí ensalada, lo gasté todo en aderezo
Francés, para ser exactos, que Balmain fue impresionante
Pieles de Hedi Slimane...

CyHi!
Sí!
Chico, estamos buscando problemas
Tal vez si no fuéramos negros, entonces no habríamos luchado
Amigo, todo lo que tengo que hacer es atrapar negros y ladrones en mi grupo
Ellos cocinan y yo le hago contrabando, tengo 20 libras de kush en la bolsa
Así que estoy corriendo a través de esos círculos, chico, me veo como Knuckles
Mira mis nudillos, me metí el anzuelo, porque los negros estaban mirando
He recibido algunos gritos, así que créeme, perro, soy bueno para una pelea
No te enojes, te pateé el trasero porque he tomado un par
Los policías le hacen preguntas a los negros, pero no lo refutaría
Porque soy Jake Gyllenhaal, estoy en el barrio con la burbuja
Con una modelo alto y ancho como la tomé de Russell
No jugué las cartas que me repartieron, hice que el crupier volviera a barajar
Uh, escalera real, así que besa mis bolas reales
No es nada bueno, vine del suelo, hermano
Pero ahora, estoy comiendo de Raffaello Gold
Exquisitos raviolis con unas alegres zorras amarillas
Pero no te confundas cuando rapeo en estos suaves ritmos
Porque todos mis Titos tienen ladrillos como el camino amarillo

G.O.O.D.! Lo hago
Música burbujeante
No busco problema
B-I-G, Sean Don, negro
Busco problema, problema, problema
Pero lo encontraste, hijo de puta
Algunos ciclos que yo siento
Perra! Estoy en...
Solo quema el pan del Lambo
... Ese segundo sin humo, rodando malditas onzas
Montañas de marihuana, bebidas que no estás pronunciadas
Tres cadenas puestas, no necesito gorilas
Nada menos que a un G escondido en mis pantalones (Chico)
Nuevos dobles D destrozados en sus blusas
Que se joda un hotel, mi negro, alquilamos casas (Casas)
Mi negro, alquilamos casas
Tantos anillos de boda perdidos en los sofás
Solo soy un amante del lado oeste
Dejo hembras en mis sábanas y todos mis sentimientos en una goma
Este es el horario del show, chico, espero que configures el DVR
Apilando dinero cara a cara, esta mierda parece RCP
Ye me invito a un asiento para sentarme en el trono
Así que ahora me estoy rompiendo como si acabaras de terminar el poema
¿Suena como Ye, Jay or Drizzy Drake? (Drizzy Drake)
Mientras tanto, me estoy relajando con todos estos negros, contando todo este dinero que no eres
Considérate afortunado de ver una leyenda antes que la mejor
Un asesino antes del crimen, un B.I.G. antes de morir
Saludame con el dedo medio cuando me veas
Es genial porque no puedo ver tu trasero desde este lado de la televisión, hijo de puta!

Hey, Cole World, abre paso al elegido
Lo que ahora escuchas es poner el miedo en todos los mayores
Me minimizó para degradarme como si no lo notaran
¿Tus zapatos son demasiado grandes para llenarlos? Apenas puedo apretar los dedos de mis pies en ellos
Malditas zorras mientras enseñas a los negros a sostener a tus hijos
Esto es el rap de Moses—descarta eso, el hijo de María y José
Alto como la mierda con un ritmo frío y un arma cargada
Nunca digas que soy mejor que Hov, pero soy el más cercano
Escuché que buscas problemas, ¿qué, se supone que debo correr?
Tu perra me invitó a entrar en ella, ¿no se supone que debo venir?
Tengo negros que te dejarán boquiabierto, haz un hoyo en uno
Ahora estás fuera de la puerta del cielo, frente a ti como si conocieras a alguien
Hablando duro, pero todavía no me presionan
Dicen que eres lo que comes, y yo todavía no soy un marica
Hmm, joder, todo el mundo puede conseguirlo
Cuando estás así de caliente, todo el mundo es un crítico
Pero cuando estás tan drogado, todo el mundo es un enano
Todo este mal atraco de negros que no significan nada
¿Podría ser que mi puesto sea uno con el que soñaste?
Pasó de la cuarta parte a la quiebra a la mitad del pasado rico
Con mi perra ruda
Y no quieres problemas, en alguna mierda de clase de matemáticas
Así que echa un vistazo al joven genio
Que se joda el mundo, revienta una nuez y deja que mi semen brote
Pensé que esa mierda real es lo que has estado haciendo
¿Por qué has estado orando? ¿Sobre que has estado gritando?
Irónico, has estado durmiendo en lo que has estado soñandoEmbed


Album: Any Given Sunday #1 - July 31, 2011

Album Not Found: 404 Client Error: Not Found for url: https://genius.com/albums/j-cole/any-given-sunday-#1

Album: Any Given Sunday #2 - August 07, 2011

Album Not Found: 404 Client Error: Not Found for url: https://genius.com/albums/j-cole/any-given-sunday-#2

Album: Any Given Sunday #5 - September 04, 2011

Album Not Found: 404 Client Error: Not Found for url: https://genius.com/albums/j-cole/any-given-sunday-#5

Album: Cole World: The Sideline Story - September 27, 2011

Album Not Found: 404 Client Error: Not Found for url: https://genius.com/albums/j-cole/cole-world:-the-sideline-story

Album: Truly Yours - February 12, 2013

1. Can I Holla At Ya
2. Crunch Time
3. Rise Above
4. Tears for ODB
5. Stay (2009)

Track: Can I Holla At Ya

Lyrics:
74 ContributorsCan I Holla At Ya Lyrics
One day, I'm gonna understand...

Hey
Can I holla at you?
Let me holla at you

Special, never forget the day I met you
We was destined for each other like a, son to his mother, or a
Sister and brother, man this bond is deep
We go a couple years and don't even speak
But know it's love though
Could never let 'em dirty your name
I got the utmost respect for you
Came back home and had to check for you
Word round town is you locked down
Some older nigga snatched you up gave you a rock now
Damn, hey could it be—
She like, "If you was me you wouldn't wait for me
Living fast and wouldn't mash the brakes for me"
Big city slicker nigga on a higher track
Bigger now but when she send a letter always write her back and
Time revealed, she feels that she settled too soon
While she see me go for mines and she admire that
We speak about time as if we could just buy it back
If only it was that simple, damn I miss you
You might also like
Can I holla at you?
Can I holla at you?
Ayy, let me holla at you!
Yeah, I know it's been a while but ain't no better time than now
Can I holla at you?
Can I holla at you?
Ayy, let me holla at you!
Yeah, I know it's been a while, but—

You betrayed me
The day you played my momma you played me
Can't believe I let you in my heart nigga
I shoulda, followed my instincts, a stranger in my house
Only five years old but sensed danger in my house
I was too young to scrap you, but damn if I ain't want to
I'm blowing up fast and I hope these words haunt you, uh
Thirteen years, knew you more than my real pops
Put me on to 'Pac and all the rappers that killed cops
Who woulda thought that you'd leave my momma high and dry
Last words to a bitch nigga "why you lie?"
Feeling bitter so these words might seem jumbled
When you left I watched that lady crumble
I know by now you probably a old man
But I still I feel I won't be satisfied until we throw hands
For all the ass whoppings
Heard you tryna talk, tell that punk don't call me
You ain't shit, and I'm scared it rubbed off on me
May I holla at you?
I'll holla at you
Ayy, let me holla at you!
Yeah, I know it's been a while but ain't no better time than now
Can I holla at you?
Can I holla at you?
Ayy, let me holla at you!
Yeah, I know it's been a while, but—

I heard you on that shit, I hope it ain't true
Was hard to holla at you last time I came through
Could barely recognize you, naw nigga this ain't you
'Cause you ain't lookin' like that nigga that I once knew
And plus you act like you don't know me
We was homies, now you call me by my rap name
See me do my thing so you expected me to act strange
Ain't holla but you on my mind nigga
I don't forget the good times nigga
White tees in the club, jeans baggy as fuck
Sometimes I look back on my life, that was the happiest stuff
We had potential to be monumental, 'ville mentality
You know that old kill-or-be-killed mentality
I look at where you at now it's a, real fatality
'Cause where you s'posed to be is on top, close to me
Chasin' hoes like the old days, but now we overseas
Dawg, congratulations on your seed
Yo, my nigga
Can I holla at you?
Can I holla at you?
Ayy, let me holla at you!
Yeah, I know it's been a while but ain't no better time than now
Can I holla at you?
Can I holla at you?
Ayy, let me holla at you!
Yeah, I know it's been a while, but—
Hey31Embed


Track: Crunch Time

Lyrics:
48 ContributorsCrunch Time Lyrics
Tick
This is for my niggas in the fourth quarter
Just watching that clock tick. Yeah
You said, "at what point do you start seeing bread?
Been out hustling for years, shoe box right under my bed
I move the work out my momma’s house, got me a little old crib
I always fantasize if I had went to college instead
Would I be happily married instead of broke and unwed?
My nigga made a major move I said I hope for the best
I told my sister as I kissed her cheek I’m better off dead
Fucking with this white, it’s all been downhill like a sled
Now listen, I understand they say you make your own bed
But tell me who supplied these sheets with this cheap ass thread
In denial about the feds, he can’t see past bread
Now do exactly what the man in the ski mask says, okay?
These are the times, survival my only crime
I gotta be on my grind, a lot of my homies gone
Inside of me Lord I know, it’s a lie that we gon' be fine
But momma I’m tired of crying, just lie to me one more time"

'Cause it’s crunch time
'Cause it’s crunch time
Shit real, man
A nigga got bills, man it’s crunch time
Shit real man a nigga got bills
You might also like
Look, scavenge these records, or these days MP3’s
Looking for the samples to put a nigga on MTV’s
This is for nigga’s with empty dreams and empty jeans
Still holding on to the word maybe
Cause this 9 to 5 shit is driving you stir-crazy
Coming home tired just to hear it from your lady
Hollering about your baby, need this and need that
And all you want is peace and quiet
Maybe some feedback, on these raps
'Cause labels ain’t hollering, and niggas ain't downloading
Nobody see your vision, they walking around blindfolded
All this time holding on to possibilities
You step outside, you smoke a blunt and then you feel the breeze
Fuck what they talking, it ain’t like life come often
Only thing worse than death is a regret-filled coffin
So try before you die or always wonder what if?
I thank the Lord for this wonderful gift
Looking for strength in this crunch time

Looking for strength in the crunch time
This shit real dawg a nigga got bills dawg
It’s crunch time, yeah nigga it’s crunch time
This shit real dawg a nigga got bills dawg
I feel your pain nigga trust me
For all my nigga’s out there still trying to get it
Few nigga’s I know, few nigga’s I don’t know
Shout out to my nigga FilthE
Nervous Reck
Shout out to Marcus
My nigga I forgive you for all that shit you said
I understand my nigga
Still love, yeah15Embed


Track: Rise Above

Lyrics:
39 ContributorsRise Above Lyrics
Rise above, rise above
And you've got to
Rise above, rise above

She had her little daughter with her, it was cold out
She said “ah, I hate this motherfucker,” then she rolled out
He ain't answering his phone, she yells “what the fuck?!”
Then told her daughter “buckle up, yeah, that's for safety”
See she been stressin' lately
'Cause this nigga she done been with for the past two years
Is now the current reason for her last few tears
She text, he don't text back
When she see him she be tryna sex, he don't sex back
His heart be on jet black
She call, he don't call back, all he say is “fall back”
Nigga just need his space, so she headed to his place
'Cause she just got a call from her homegirl Rhonda
Who said he be creepin', he been fuckin' with Yolanda
“Yolanda?" "Yeah girl, Yolanda
Told you he ain't shit but you ain't listen, I was tryna–”
Click–hmmm, hung up that phone and hopped right up in that Honda
Headed to his crib, she said she fed up with this shit
“Thought this time this was the one, thought I got better at this shit
Pickin' out Mr. Right, stick it out through the fights
And long nights, for what? These niggas is all alike”
She gon' set it off, her daughter gon' witness it all tonight, damn
You might also like
Rise above, rise above
And you've got to
Rise above, rise above

She said she just finished school, could barely pay tuition
Now she teaches 7th grade, tryna make a difference
Aye, but the kids frustrate her, say that they don't listen
A ass like that, how the fuck they supposed to pay attention?
I'm fuckin' with you, but for real, she say they hopeless
A class full of jokesters, creatin' all the obstacles, impossible to focus
Little niggas barely read, tryna give them what they need
And they don't even try, one little boy, he caught her eye
'Cause he look just like her brother, she be havin' to call his mother
But she act like she don't care
What father? He ain't here
Now she frustrated, thinkin' that she just made the mistake of her life
Underpaid, be havin' to waitress at night
Six years of college down the drain, drinkin', tryna drown her pain
Party with her girls, feeling sorry for the world
'Cause ain't no hope for the youth, well ain't that the truth
When all your role models either rappin' or they hoop, damn
Rise above, rise above
And you've got to
Rise above, rise above11Embed


Track: Tears for ODB

Lyrics:
72 ContributorsTears for ODB Lyrics
Tears for ODB, drug-induced poetry
What’s the use? Strung-out from that drug abuse, woe is me
80's baby, so I know my pops was gettin’ high
In the 90's, me and mama barely gettin’ by
2000's I was concentratin’ more on gettin’ fly
Gettin’ bitches, gettin’ rich to get the shit I couldn’t buy
You know the story, you know my allegory
I was sent from Heaven with a set of horns, they’d better warn y’all
I’m here for more than just to kick some witty metaphors, dawg
This more of the type of shit you spit to set a war off
‘Cause niggas be poor, get money and still don’t know
Why the fuck they can’t cop a house, the system meant to lock us out
But I’m knockin’ down the door, strapped up with a four-four
Robin Hood, shit and yeah, I’m ‘hood rich
That’s good enough to stay in new kicks and a good whip
Get good head from a good bitch, I give two shits, I’ma tell you straight up

Straight up
Straight up, aye, any chance I’ma take it
Rather die before I fake it
They say life is what you make it, bitch
But I’m just tryna make it
Straight up
Straight up
Straight up, aye, any chance I’ma take it
Rather die before I fake it
They say life is what you make it, bitch
You might also like
Lord have mercy on my soul, what I’ve done and what I’ve seen
My life has tumbled into that which only you could intervene
I put my heart in senseless things: money, bitches and street shit
Fascinated by beef, sad to say I won’t be shit
Grew up in this bitch without a pot to piss, no toilet
How ironic, I took a lot of shit, like a bottom bitch
Or a model chick, high off coke
They lockin’ sons up for less, I don’t care how y’all cope
But yet I still peddle this dope and these pills
I’ll never know how sittin’ comfy on that Oprah seat feels
More than likely be on Most Wanted posters, we still
Holdin’ on to old dreams of bein’ Hova, be real
We the forgotten souls, bottom of the totem poles
Left for dead, some niggas fled, people say they sold their souls
I just think they found a better way, Lord knows I never pray
But sometimes I be wishin’ I could levitate, I’ll take it straight up

Straight up
Straight up, aye, any chance I’ma take it
Rather die before I fake it
They say life is what you make it, bitch
But I’m just tryna make it
Straight up
Straight up
Straight up, aye, any chance I’ma take it
Rather die before I fake it
They say life is what you make it, bitch
Hey, hey
Cole World
2-6 Fayettenam shit
For all my niggas still going through it
Yeah
Straight up
My niggas gotta learn something
It's 2012 nigga
And we're still killing ourselves
You don't know by now nigga
You ain't gon' never know
Real15Embed


Track: Stay (2009)

Lyrics:
37 ContributorsStay (2009) Lyrics
Stay
Yeah
Hey
Groovy
Yeah
Yeah, hey
Stay

You can drop a "Wet Floor" sign down for the tears
God and my court date, the two things I fear
Man, they tryna give a nigga years
I'm tryna figure if I should even appear
Or should I skate town? Catch a Greyhound
Change my name right, catch a plane flight
Out the country, let them muh'fuckers hunt me
Come catch me if you want me, know they'll lock me if I stay (Stay)
But where I'ma run to?
I got a good girl, we got a son, too
And all we went through, we ain't see eye-to-eye
But what you told me way back, you was a ride-or-die
So if they give me one, or if they give me two
Or if a nigga gotta sit down and do a few
Before I go, baby, I gotta know, what would you do?
Would you find someone new or would you stay? (Stay)
Like the hoes when they lay with me
Puppy eyes when I go sayin', "Stay with me"
Aw, girl, you bad as hell and, yeah, I'd love to
But see, I got a girl I'm really makin' love to
Therefore I'm feelin' a lot more guilty when I rub you
That's why I skip all of that kissin' when I fuck you
Flush the condom down the toilet then I skate
I had you, but you can't have me, I never stay
You might also like
Stay
Yeah
Yeah, that's the one
(Stay)
Yeah
Stay

Ha! Life in a hometown
'Fore I could take a step, I'm gettin' grown now
And startin' to notice that I see the same hoes 'round
Guess they had to go 'round, my raps is profound
I got the flows, but yet a nigga ain't got no sound
Copped a beat machine, I'm cookin' up my own now
Got my mind on the city where it goes down
See, if I'ma get to where I'm goin', then I can't stay (Stay)
Although I love it here
I'll be damned if I sit around another year
Dreamin' dreams, hopin' somehow that they just appear
The hardest part of leavin' is to know my mother here
Oh, but I'm comin' back, oh boy, believe that
To show the little niggas, boy, you can achieve that
Got the city on my shoulders, piggyback
Hello, my name is Cole and I'm here to stay
Stay
Hey
(Stay)
Stay14Embed


Album: Truly Yours 2 - April 30, 2013

1. Cole Summer
2. Kenny Lofton (Ft. Jeezy)
3. Chris Tucker (Ft. 2 Chainz)
4. Head Bussa
5. Cousins (Ft. Bas)
6. 3 Wishes

Track: Cole Summer

Lyrics:
128 ContributorsCole Summer Lyrics
Love
Love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love
It's only what you got in the form of the highest power you seek
Now this right here's not a preview
I need to let it go
Yeah

Now this right here is not a preview
Of what the album gon' bring you, or nuttin' like that
Sharing things I think quietly, with those that admire me
'Member MTV Diary? This something like that
I wear my heart up on my sleeve and I bleed for you
Cookin' beats hoping to reach like each one you
When I release, trust if you feel like my shit is weak
When you see me on the street, then speak, I refund you
This sample was yellin' "loop me!"
Ms. Hill, please don't sue me
'Cause I ain't one of these rappers out here frontin' like he got it, nigga
I ain't fuckin' got it, nigga...
Throwing thousands in the strip club with Drizzy
Difference is I'm throwing four, he throwin' 50
Lord, forgive me, bitches saying, "You a rapper nigga, ain't you s'posed to tip more?"
I don't see no pussy, baby, ain't you s'posed to strip more?
Confessions of a cheap-ass nigga
But I finally put my momma in that E-Class, nigga
And I told her quit her job but hold your horses
If my next album flop it's back to the post office, both of us, shit
They saying that's a real possibility
The thought alone is killing me
You might also like
I think I need to let it go
I need to let it go, uh
I think I need to let it go, let it go, let it go
I think I need to let it go
'Cause nothing even matters...

Anticipating rain, I can't make the same mistakes again
Them '90s niggas raped the game
And left us with a battered and bruised bitch with a few kids
The pussy loose but the truth is I love her, though
She ain't perfect, but who is?
Hoes saying "Cole, you is" don't be silly, ma, 'cause really I
Just a born sinner, the opposite of a winner
Cole summer, I predict another winter
'Cause I'm fin' ta drop knowledge like a Five Percenter
Fuck the Bilderberg, nigga show 'em God sent ya
Rhyme with the skill, as if Nas went to
College on scholarship met Pac and said "I'm down witcha"
And when they wasn't writin' rhymes they fuckin' line sisters
Puffin' on swishers, what's up Milan?
Every time I drop I get the net poppin' like LeBron swishes
Kay told me kill ya, and I gotta respect my mom's wishes
When I let go this how my mind switches
No looking back, don't even want to see my prom pictures
Pardon the rhyme scheme, I guess I'm long-winded
Let me switch it now, back to Hell's Kitchen now
Up in Hova office like he the fucking principal
Put me in with StarGate, that shit was like detention now
Just tellin' my story so dissin' ain't my intention now
Drop a couple hits and all the dummies pay attention now
A shame when you learn the ins and outs of the game
And reminisce on little Jermaine in the south
Rappin' out loud with all the niggas that's cool to you
Just to realize that all them niggas was foolin' you
And they ain't who they said they were
Talk about the streets but nigga, that ain't really where they were, actin' just like Dede was
But who am I to judge? That's neither here nor there
Just know I know, my nigga, I just like being aware
If I had one wish, I would fuck Tia and Tamera
At the same time and put name tags on they titties
So I don’t get they names wrong, screamin' "Game on"
Like Wayne's World, that just came on
I'm rambling now, five days to finish the album, I'm scramblin' now
Took a break from samplin' now
Just to say a few words to this bitch named Summer
June'll make four years since I gave you my number
The Warm Up dropped, I got hot, you called it a classic
And Jay dropped "Autotune", you wanted him back, shit
Play my position, the whole while still wishin'
A year later Drake put his key in your ignition
And I told my fellas I dropped Friday Night Lights
In the winter just to make her jealous
Wanted to drop the album in the summer, but the label didn't think that they could sell it
Recoup the first week, I think it ain't shit they can tell us
Do you agree?
It's been a long time coming this thing between you and me
I can't let it go
I can't let it go, nah
I think I need to let it go, let it go, let it go
They say I need to let it go
'Cause nothing even matters, ayy

Yeah
June 25th
Born Sinner, bitch41Embed


Track: Kenny Lofton (Ft. Jeezy)

Lyrics:
92 ContributorsKenny Lofton Lyrics
Hurt, to think that you lied to me
Hurt, way down deep inside of me
And it breaks my heart...

Get paid a pretty penny for my thoughts
I'm Hardaway with grammar, I'm hot
They only care 'bout a nigga when he handle the rock
Or when he dishing the pill, or when he grippin' the steel
Bailing out my brother, tell the lawyer "get the appeal"
With the flick of the pen, write the check and he out
Two years later he be at my shows checking me out
Know he proud of lil bro and how my records be out
Flashbacks to childhood when he was deckin' me out
Now it's clear lil 'Maine is the best MC out
Hands down, flow water, can't drown
My flow father, go harder, Cole smarter
Shout out to fiends in Queens, I'm team no daughters

I seen it all at this young age
The only thing left to do is die and hit front page
Should I knock on wood and pray like God forbid?
These hoes be poppin' pills, these niggas be poppin' shit, bitch
You might also like
Pac on the mic in his prime
They only care 'bout a nigga when he writing a rhyme, boy
Kenny Lofton, you feelin' my pace?
They only care 'bout a nigga when he stealin' the base
It's like I'm Wilt the Stilt, I'm fucking them all
They only care 'bout a nigga when he dunkin' the ball, mane
And it breaks my heart
The world’s a stage, I'll just play my part

Just caught fire like a young Richard Pryor with unforgettable quotes
They only care 'bout a nigga when tellin' a joke, or when he's sellin' his dope
They tell the reverend "Man, I rather get to heaven with coke
Then live in hell and be broke"
Shout out to black man who beat the odds by yellin' for hope
Today he asked if I could Twitter y'all and tell you to vote
My nigga, how could I, knowing what I know
It's a game of charades, masquerade for the dough
Read the teleprompter these niggas is actors on the low
Yeah I voted for the nigga 'cause he got the best show
Like I got the best flow
On your mark, set, go
Mama got us out the hood but we still ghetto

I seen it all at this young age
The only thing left to do is die and hit front page
Should I knock on wood and pray like God forbid?
These hoes be poppin' pills, these niggas be poppin' shit, bitch
Pac on the mic in his prime
They only care 'bout a nigga when he writing a rhyme, boy
Kenny Lofton, you feelin' my pace?
They only care 'bout a nigga when he stealin' the base
It's like I'm Wilt the Stilt, I'm fucking them all
They only care 'bout a nigga when he dunkin' the ball, mane
And it breaks my heart
The world’s a stage, I'll just play my part

I said, you wouldn't know the truth if it was right there in your face
See I can't explain the feeling when the feds surround your place
In that PJ Rosé, I drink that shit by the case
Like somebody pray for me, Reverend Run, Pastor Mase
See I do this for my homie he got caught with a soft eight
When I say a soft eight, yeah that's two less than ten
If they let him out today he gon' do it all again
Say he lost the first time it won't stop until he win
Street life will have you drunk, I'm talkin Seagram’s Gin
Yeah we screamin' Scarface, but we all know how that ends
Every word is like dope, you can snort it like lines
If I said it, then I meant it, they reciting' every line
If I had to write a book, it would be the Life and Times
Every verse is that work, you can weigh it like a nine
You see I lost a lot of niggas and it broke my heart
Life is staged, I just played my part
Haha, yeah
Pac on the mic in his prime
They only care 'bout a nigga when he writing a rhyme, boy
Kenny Lofton, you feelin' my pace?
They only care 'bout a nigga when he stealin' the base
It's like I'm Wilt the Stilt, I'm fucking them all
They only care 'bout a nigga when he dunkin' the ball, mane
And it breaks my heart
The world’s a stage, I'll just play my part30Embed


Track: Chris Tucker (Ft. 2 Chainz)

Lyrics:
63 ContributorsChris Tucker Lyrics
Chris Tucker, money talk, ma'fucker
Chris Tucker, money talk, ma'fucker
Chris Tucker, money talk, ma'fucker
Ayy, all you broke nigga be quiet
I can't control this urge to fuck hoes and splurge
My sidepieces got real jobs, nigga, I don't fuck with no birds
My main chick she got real hair, never had to shop to get hers
Got a neat freak that don't eat meat, but goddamn she rocking them furs
Ball so hard ma'fucker wanna fine me, and now the ho wanna climb me
If real recognize real, that's why it took a motherfucker like Hov to sign me
Ball so hard, I'm the truth, nigga, All-Star game, catching 'oops, nigga
If you a bitch and I'm a bitch, I'm Sheryl Swoopes and you hoops, nigga

Ha, Chris Tucker, money talk, ma'fucker (Yeah!)
Chris Tucker, money talk, ma'fucker (Yeah!)
Chris Tucker, money talk, ma'fucker
Ayy, all you broke nigga be quiet

Cole world, safe to say I'm cold-blooded
In this cold life the more cold you are, seem like the more the hoes love you
So I book a flight, she land today, she leave tonight with no luggage
Got the camera on in my bedroom, shoot the video with no budget, go
Only nigga up in first class, old lady tryna be friendly, ayy
She think I'm in the NBA, why a nigga can't have his MBA?
Next time I'ma flip the script, you know, kick some shit that's gon' shock her
"You're so tall, what team do you play for?" No bitch, I'm a doctor
Flow hella proper, Cole never flopped, nah, float like a propeller, no helicopter shit
Knots thick like a bowlegged chick, stick dick to a gold digger, won't give her dollar, ha
Fuck your 9, I'm a whole different caliber, nigga say they pop 'cause they don't fill they collars up
Read a book get your knowledge up, book a flight get ya mileage up, bitch nigga
You might also like
Chris Tucker, money talk, ma'fucker (Yeah!)
Chris Tucker, money talk, ma'fucker (Yeah!)
Chris Tucker, money talk, ma'fucker (2 Chainz)
Ayy, all you broke nigga be quiet

I'ma start off with these four bars, I'm in a barbie at a sports bar
I'm rockin' gold bars, whoop your ass with this crowbar, I'm like "Oh Boy
Catch your girl off that rebound" (Rebound,) fix her hair up, get her a re-do (Re-do)
Just my car out the paint shop, so I guess that's a mothafuckin' re-coupe (Tell 'em)
Let me demonstrate, gotta think about it 'fore I go on a dinner date
Might eat a rich bitch (Might eat a rich bitch,) yes, I got me expensive taste (Yeah)
Got my pockets on full (Full,) stomach on full (Full,) gun on full, I got full coverage (True)
Niggas don't know the full story, I'm smokin' on gas, full service (Damn)
Money talk, true story, if you ain't got none then don't say shit (Uh)
Banana clips goin' apeshit, you don't make money, don't make sense
I got gold on my bracelet (Bracelet,) got your girlfriend chasin' it (Chasin' it)
Bust a nut in her mouth, so now she can baby sit, uh

Chris Tucker, money talk, ma'fucker (Yeah!)
Chris Tucker, money talk, ma'fucker (Yeah!)
Chris Tucker, money talk, ma'fucker
Ayy, all you broke nigga be quiet
This liquor I been sippin' got me kissing all these models
And I might not see tomorrow, I might not see tomorrow
Please don't tell my mama I spent my tuition on these bottles
Just to pay back all these loans, man, we gon' have to hit the lotto9Embed


Track: Head Bussa

Lyrics:
52 ContributorsHead Bussa Lyrics
Now do I roll up, get higher?
Or po' up, get tired?
Do I roll up, get higher?
Or po' up, get tired? Yeah

Okay, I'm back on a mission to pay my tuition
Got loans out the ass, what you know 'bout my past?
I was so late for class, hit the probate, get trashed
Fell asleep off the Henny, back in '08, I crashed
With my foot on the gas, thank the Lord I'm still here
No insurance, so now I'm racin' home on first gear
On that morn' I shed tears, asking what I'm doing here
I should be rich, I'm sick, it's like I got the fuckin' flu in here
But yet I'm just chillin' like I'm back on the yard
My niggas say I'm the truth and when I rap they applaud
That what was my Unsigned Hype like in the back of The Source
It's like I'm tryna get the head, but she just jackin' me off
I needed more
Had to earn stripes, no Adidas store
Put my feet on floor, borrow money from mi amor
Just to cop a microphone, the same one that put me on tour
She held you down, now you out here fuckin' 'round

Now this is for my broke niggas, rich niggas, what?
Gold diggers, Crys sippers, what?
Cold nigga, flow sicker, what?
Muh'fucker, I'm a fuckin' head bussa, go
Coming down on the strip, liqour in the whip
Parking lot pimp, enough game to be sold
Learn from me, fuck bitches, burn money
Someone told me boy you got your whole life to get old
But everything that glitter ain't gold
The grass ain't greener, I've been told
She told me, "Boy you want your cake and eat it too?"
I said "It's cake, that's what you're supposed to do?"
You might also like
Ok my granny just died, but I'm too broke to go
And she asking my fears but she too close to know
Got trust issues I'm trying, where it come from? Don't know
I just block out the pain, blow the fuck up, get dough
See, I thought that would help me, it turns out it's worse now
My girl want her first child, my label won't work out
My mama don't see me unless I'm on TV, I pray she (dont break down)
She strong, but she need me
They killed Saddam, now I wonder who's sane
How you balance being Batman, Bruce Wayne?
Old chick callin', but I'm onto new things
She still a dime, but I always lose change
Young Simba, went from bottom of the food chain to a few chains in a new Range
She tellin' me "So much has happened, would've thought you changed!"
We ain't fuck in nine months its safe to say I'm due man

Now this is for my broke niggas, rich niggas, what?
Gold diggers, Crys sippers, what?
Cold nigga, flow sicker, what?
Muh'fucker, I'm a fuckin' head bussa, go
Coming down on the strip, liqour in the whip
Parking lot pimp, enough game to be sold
Learn from me, fuck bitches, burn money
Someone told me "Boy, you got your whole life to get old."
But everything that glitter ain't gold
The grass ain't greener, I've been told
She told me, "Boy you want your cake and eat it too?"
I said "It's cake, that's what you're supposed to do?"22Embed


Track: Cousins (Ft. Bas)

Lyrics:
42 ContributorsCousins Lyrics
They putting prices on heads, silver or lead
I pray the scores settle 'fore the devil notice you dead
Got me smoking the potent, my eyes open and Otis, they red
Thoughts of my eye roam and words that I hoped I had said
That aunty sippin on, we missin ya
Even tho you gone, your thought alone can lift us up
This is us
Got some niggas never call me 'less they need something
But I pick up, like, "whassup, what you need cousin?"
My niggas know that I love 'em
Give 'em roses while they can smell 'em
'Cause ain't no tellin' who'll be here tomorrow
Used to borrow your digital scale
Flippin' them sales
But now it's digital dash while you're still in the past
Boy, trust me when I tell you, the picture got much bigger
The swishers and dutch fill up
Bitches in lust with us
Momma would dissapprove, losing my way
Lost in the sauce, this bolognese is so amazing
Had a talk and she remark: "you so engaging"
Running game, it's all the same
I'm growing jaded
Had a couple things in common, like Lonnie Lynn
But I'm too faded for conversatin'
I'm sittin' here contemplatin' how to win
You might also like
Time keeps slipping away (—how to win), away
Another day another love song, hey
Another day another love song, hey
Time keeps slipping away, away
Another day another love song, hey
Another day another love song, hey

Yeah
Cousin in jail again, asking me for bail again
Close when I was 12, but I was much frailer then
He was like 16, a nigga from the gutter and
Years ago his favorite uncle had married my mother and
Here we are, runnin' through the Ville like dumb and dumber and
For that summer man I swear I wish you was my brother then
Well time passed and we fell off 'cause you moved back home
Little did you know Jermaine done grew a new backbone
Niggas thought he wouldn't make it 'till he proved that wrong
12 years later on the radio, that "Who Dat" song
Your homeboy bumps the Warm Up now you buggin'
'Cause you looking at the cover and you say "Yo that's my cousin"
And niggas looking at you like you lying but you wasn't
Next thing I know you blowing up my line all a sudden
And I'm showing love saying "yo look what I did
Man, nobody coming from here ever did this shit this big"
But now you saying "Man enough about you
Shit what about me, my nigga what about me?
Oh you forgot about me?
Same niggas showed you how to rap, now you don't know how to act
Boy I'm at the bottom you could pull a nigga out of that
Put me in a video, yo put me on your hottest track
Bring me on the road with you, you know 'cuz got yo back
And I'm strapped up if them niggas act up
See you headed to the top you need to let me catch up
Please let me catch up
Won't you let me catch up man?"
I'll see you when I see you
Harsh as it seems to say, I wouldn't want to be you
Bail you out for your daughter and I pray to God
A nigga never pull your card or she won't ever get to see you
Time keeps slipping away, away
Another day another love song, hey
Another day another love song, hey
Time keeps slipping away, away
Another day another love song, hey
Another day another love song, hey26Embed


Track: 3 Wishes

Lyrics:
68 Contributors3 Wishes Lyrics
Yeah
Grew up with killers, I ain't know they was killers
We was just together, man, playing Mega Man on Sega, man
Your mama loved me to death, she reminded me of Afeni
Yeah, a real black queen, if I had a genie
I'd wish that she ain't struggle no more
Y'all wouldn't have to go to sleep with all the roaches if she wasn't so poor
You told me when you came to my house, the shit was like a timeout
From reality, one night you asked me what I'm crying 'bout
'Cause you was staying over for the weekend
I woke up from out my sleep when I heard mama and my stepfather beefin'
I don't know if he'd been drinkin', but I know that shit got loud
And I heard rumbling from struggling and rolling on the ground
Could never get used to that sound, my mama saying "Get off me!"
My tears is tumbling now, I wish that you never saw me, 'cause I
Felt like a coward, so powerless I was only 12
I wish I would've bust right through that door my fucking self
And grabbed the Glock right off the fucking shelf, if nothing else
Scared the nigga shitless, there goes two of my wishes
Forever scarred, determined to get some heart
No matter how big the nigga, no matter how small you are
Fast forward to our older years, two different paths
You used to talk to me 'bout college, but that shit didn't last
Wasted potential, getting cash, what could I say?
So tired of not having things, you'd never see it my way, too proud to fold
Your demise, one day much to my surprise
My nigga called me, told me you just caught a body twice your size
I asked if it was self-defense, he said it was defense of pride
And that they tryna give you ten, but if you lucky you'll do five, damn
Not my nigga, the same one that told me
That things always get better, just trust me, don't cry my nigga
The news call him a killer, but he my nigga
Sad shit, aye yo, genie last wish, free my niggaYou might also like22Embed


Album: Born Sinner - June 17, 2013

1. Villuminati
2. Kerney Sermon (Skit)
3. LAnd of the Snakes
4. Power Trip (Ft. Miguel)
5. Mo Money (Interlude)
6. Trouble
7. Runaway
8. She Knows (Ft. Amber Coffman & Cults)
9. Rich Niggaz
10. Where's Jermaine (Skit)
11. Forbidden Fruit (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
12. Chaining Day
13. Ain't That Some Shit (Interlude)
14. Crooked Smile (Ft. TLC)
15. Let Nas Down
16. Born Sinner (Ft. James Fauntleroy)

Track: Villuminati

Lyrics:
196 ContributorsVilluminati Lyrics
I'm a born sinner
But I die better than that, I swear
It's way darker this time
*Laughs*

Sometimes I brag like Hov
Born sinner, the opposite of a winner
Sometimes I brag like Hov
Born sinner, the opposite of a winner
Sometimes I brag like Hov
Born sinner, the opposite of a winner
Sometimes I brag like Hov, now I'm in the limelight 'cause I rhyme tight
Cole, time to get paid, blow up like the World Trade

Sometimes I brag like Hov, sometimes I'm real like Pac
Sometimes I focus on the flow to show the skills I got
Sometimes I focus on the dough, look at these bills I got
This is a message for some rappers tryna steal my spot
You niggas famous on the internet, I'm real life hot, homie
Get your weight up, fake niggas get sprayed up
My verbal AK slay faggots
And I don't mean no disrespect whenever I say faggot
Okay, faggot? Uh
Don't be so sensitive
If you want to get fucked in the ass, that's between you and whoever else's dick it is
Pause, maybe that line was too far
Just a little joke to show how homophobic you are
And who can blame ya? Boy Meets World, I'm tryna find a new Topanga
And bang her out, no hanging out
My pops was club hopping back when Rick James was out
And all I get is Trinidad James, wait a minute, that's strange
Sip a bit of champagne, say fuck it
If the hoes like it I love it, nigga, nigga, nigga
Used to watch Rap City, Big Tigga, Tigga
Rap nerd, even copped Rah Diggah, Diggah
Pac had a nigga saying fuck Jigga, fuck Biggie
I was only like 11 so forgive me
A decade later I'd be all up in the city
Tryna get Hov to fuck with me
With a burned CD full of jams that was up in my hand
When he said he didn't want it it was fuck him again
One day, he gon' regret playing me
Little did I know in a year he'd be fucking paying me, what could you say to me? I
Beat the odds like Vegas, I used to rap about haters
Before niggas was hating me, now they hate to see
A young black man with a college degree
Fucking all these little models for free, pardon me
You might also like
Sometimes I brag like Hov
Born sinner, the opposite of a winner
Sometimes I brag like Hov
Born sinner, the opposite of a winner
Sometimes I brag like Hov
Born sinner, the opposite of a winner
Sometimes I brag like Hov
Got the game back, and I ain’t ever letting go

I'm the prince of the city, I studied Machiavelli
You niggas couldn't blow with C4 strapped to your belly
I snuck up out the parts where niggas be living heartless
And cannot tell the difference between Iraqi, Israeli
And so I'm wondering really what could you actually tell me
I'm tryna keep my homie from throwing crack in the skully
So, back with this pen to give back for my sins
Took a black president to tell the Japanese sorry
But who the fuck gon' tell my niggas sorry
Never seen his pops 'cause he's sorry
Fucked up education, would ask for reparations
But I’m probably just gon' go and buy Ferraris, vroom
Please forgive him
According to the preacher man he needs Jesus in him
But the Devil run the TV so the demons in 'em
I'm in trouble
Did a deal with the Devil, now I'm pleading with him
Like give me my soul
My nigga, I ain't ever letting you go again
I ain't ever letting go
I ain't ever letting you go again
Please give me my soul
I ain't ever letting go
I ain't ever letting you go again
Please give me my soul
I ain't ever letting go
But the Devil don't play fair

I'm 'bout to go and join the Illuminati
Fuck everybody
I'm 'bout to go and join the Illuminati
Fuck everybody
I'm 'bout to go and join the Illuminati
Fuck everybody
I'm 'bout to go and join the Illuminati

These next three bars is dedicated to the retards
Keep on asking me about the Illuminati;
Is you stupid, nigga? Young black millionaire
Old white billionaires, I'm sure that they can do without me
And I ain't really into sacrificing human bodies
Couple more A's I would've been a summa cuma laude
Beyoncé told me that she want to cop the blue Bugatti
That shit is more than what I'm worth, I think she knew it probably
Well this is awkward, awkward
Want to know what else is really awkward, awkward
When niggas buy rings for bitches I had flings with
I'm praying I don't see 'em at the Oscars, Oscars
Hey J. Cole, this way, hey
Oh, hey, what's up? What's goin' on with you? Okay
Big smile, man, big smile, let me see that crooked smile
J. Cole, J. Cole, this way, look this way
Oh friend hug, friend hug, just keep it friendly
We friends, friends

Re-adjustin' my target audience, 'cause it's obvious
I've gone astray, losing my way like Timberlake
Produced by Timbaland on that goddamn FutureSex/LoveSounds
What's playing in my mind, just the sound of my whole career
Crash and burning, the thing that I mostly fear
Was on track for the first two years until I let the Devil steer
Now what have we here? Mask my tears, but I

I ain't ever letting go
I ain't ever letting you go again
I ain't ever letting go
I ain't ever letting you go again
I ain't ever letting go
I ain't ever letting you go again
I ain't ever letting go
I ain't ever letting you go again

Allow me to re-introduce myself, my name is Cole
My nigga
Born sinner, the opposite of a winner
Sometimes I brag like Hov
Allow me to re-introduce myself, my name is Cole
My nigga
Born sinner, the opposite of a winner
Sometimes I brag like Hov
Born sinner105Embed


Track: Kerney Sermon (Skit)

Lyrics:
NULL


Track: LAnd of the Snakes

Lyrics:
135 ContributorsLAnd of the Snakes Lyrics
Yeah, uh-huh

This the shit I used to roll down Lewis Street with
Lord, know some hoes from the past
Like, "Damn Cole, wish I knew that you would be rich"
Well, shoulda asked
It's funny how these niggas on some real "be cool with me" shit
I bag two bitches like it's two of me, bitch
This the shit I used to roll down Lewis Street with
Finally got my own bedroom in this bitch
No more sleeping in my brother room
Like, "Man, I might as well be sleeping in my mother room"
'Cause how I'm supposed to sneak hoes with my bro here?
Plus she gon' find out I been rocking all his old gear
This his flow here, this is no fair, this is so pure
This is so clear, this is one breath, this is no air
Ain't no wedding but I do the most here
I'm the President, you the co-chair
You the player, yeah, I'm the coach here, nigga, I coast here
This weather got me set up on this West Coast, yeah
Avoidin' the snakes, AKs, and coke, yeah
Get my dick wet, but I never let it soak there
Man, I been thinkin' 'bout movin' out
What? Country boy in the city
Of New York nine years, ran that shit like Diddy
Riding through South Side Queens like Fiddy
You might also like
Nothing's impossible
And all you lame niggas show me what not to do
I met a real bad bitch in the club tonight
She told me, "Watch the snakes 'cause they watching you"
I told her, "Awww baby don't start!
I ain't looking for the way to your heart!"
She said, "You 'bout to miss church" while she riding me
I like my sundaes with a cherry on top
Make that ass drop (drop, drop)
Hey make that ass drop (drop, drop)
Hey make that ass drop (drop, drop)
Hey make that ass drop (drop, drop, drop)

Now if you only had one wish is it devious?
'Cause you already know who your genie is
Ain't get a cover now your mag on my penis
Like damn, he turned out to be a genius
Damn, real shit nigga, no Pixar
You niggas soft like Meagan Good's lips are
My kicks hard, my whip hard
I came out the womb with my dick hard
Back when I was playing Stomp the Yard
It'd be a bunch of niggas up on campus talking hard
Don't get exposed to these hoes boy, knock it off
I seen your mama in the Benz when she dropped you off
Damn, now who more thorough than me?
I paint a picture of my pain for the world to see
Could paint a picture of the game but my girl would see
Gotta ask myself, "What mean the world to me?"
Me, me
Nothing's impossible
And all you lame niggas show me what not to do
I met a real bad bitch in the club tonight
She told me, "Watch the snakes 'cause they watching you"
I told her, "Aw baby don't start!
I ain't looking for the way to your heart!"
She said, "You bout to miss church" while she riding me
I like my sundaes with a cherry on top
Make that ass drop (drop, drop)
Make that ass drop
Hey make that ass drop (drop, drop)
Make that ass drop
Hey make that ass drop (drop, drop)
Make that ass drop
Hey make that ass drop
Make that ass drop

Make, hey, make that ass drop (Drop)
Hey, you seen me in this every damn day (Drop)
It got the dick hard as a rock (Drop)
And I can't control (Let it ride)
Hehe, control

This the shit I used to roll down Lewis Street wit'
Yeah
This the shit I used to roll down Lewis Street wit'
A little Fayettenam nigga out in Beverly Hills
That's when I ran into this chick I went to college with
Yeah, back when a nigga was on scholarship
Was in a rush, but I still stopped to holla, shit
That's the least I owed her 'cause see I tried to hit
On the first night, and nah, I ain't proud of it
I boned her in my dorm room and kicked her out of it, huh
And I never called back, how thoughtfulless
Now I'm standing in the streets tryna politic with her
In her mind she calling me a misogynist, nigga
On some Bobby Brown shit, my prerogative, nigga
Is to hit and never commit
Not realizing when I hit she never forgets
So every time I ignore the telephone call
Saying I'll hit her back knowing I'm never gon' call, she was hurtin'
Now she's staring dead in my face, she was smirking
Like, "Yeah, I remember and nah you ain't worth shit, nigga
You ain't worth shit, nigga"
Hm, this the shit I used to roll down Lewis Street with96Embed


Track: Power Trip (Ft. Miguel)

Lyrics:
1 ContributorJ. Cole - Born Sinner (Track-By-Track Review) LyricsJ. Cole - Born Sinner
Released on June 18th, 2013
1. Villuminati (prod. J. Cole)
2. Kerney Sermon Skit (prod. J. Cole)
3. LAnd Of The Snakes (prod. J. Cole)
4. Power Trip ft. Miguel (prod. J. Cole)
5. Mo Money Interlude (prod. Jake One)
6. Trouble (prod. J. Cole)
7. Runaway (prod. J. Cole)
8. She Knows ft. Amber Coffman (prod. J. Cole)
9. Rich Niggas (prod. J. Cole)
10. Where's Jermaine? Skit (prod. J. Cole)
11. Forbidden Fruit ft. Kendrick Lamar (prod. J. Cole)
12. Chaining Day (prod. J. Cole)
13. Ain't That Some Shit Interlude (prod. J. Cole)
14. Crooked Smile ft. TLC (prod. J. Cole)
15. Let Nas Down (prod. J. Cole)
16. Born Sinner ft. James Fauntleroy (prod. J. Cole)You might also like3Embed


Track: Mo Money (Interlude)

Lyrics:
77 ContributorsMo Money (Interlude) Lyrics
Mo' money, yeah
Mo' money, blow money, show money
Party money, side ho money, dope money
New clothes money from shit that I wrote money
So much money I don't know who stole from me
Hard to keep track I'm used to having no money
Still broke compared to niggas with old money
I mean the type of niggas that laugh at Hov money
Billionaires with petroleum and coal money
Probably kill they selves if they had Cole money
Talk shit and I'ma see you like you owe money
I'm wrapping up the album, fourth quarter I'm so money
I'm overseas looking for trees to grow money
Peter Popoff, robbing people for hope money
Prostitutes collecting that "let me stroke" money
Put up a couple dollars for the liquor store money
Used to dread the strip club cause I couldn't throw money
Now the strippers give a nigga the throat for no money
How mama gonna teach you how to save your money
When she barely on the boat, got stay afloat money
Blacks always broke cause we don't know money
Spend it 'fore we get it and could never hold money
No wallets, nah, nigga we'd rather fold money
Money control niggas, white man control money
Laughing like "yeah yeah my nigga get your money"You might also like31Embed


Track: Trouble

Lyrics:
98 ContributorsTrouble Lyrics
(I said) Set it off on my left, set it off on my right
(I said) Liquor all on my breath, bitches all in my sight
(I said) Real niggas tryna fuck, fuck niggas wanna fight
(I said) Gun shots into the air, but I ain't scared for my life
(I said)

Troubles of this, troubles of this world
Troubles of this, troubles of this world

Yeah, god flow
Paint a picture like a young Pablo, Picasso
Niggas say "Live fast, die young," so I drive slow
And pray I die old
In the drop with the top low
Met a bad bitch from Chicago, my hat wasn't cocked, yo
Kept it straight, shit, cause y'all know
And if not, you'll learn how them niggas in the Chi go
I ain't fuck her, but I'm thinking 'bout it
My niggas say why you gotta think about it?
The bitch want too much, hit my phone too much
If I gotta be frank about it
Ain't worth the stress
First the text, then the draws, see first is sex
Then it's calls cause the bird's obsessed
Want flowers, cards, and the purses next
Nah, bitch can't get a dollar
Cole on Twitter, bitch can't get a follow
Can get a nut, heard "Can't Get Enough"
Now she fuck a nigga thinking that she may have hit the lotto
No way, Jose
Could write a book called, "The Things Hoes Say"
Show a lot of love to my sisters though
But these bitches so predictable
I'm in trouble
You might also like
Troubles of this, troubles of this world
Getting to the promised land
You don't want problems, I promise, man
Troubles of this, troubles of this world
I take it to the promised land
You don't want problems, I promise, man

Set it off on my left, set it off on my right
(I said) Liquor all on my breath, bitches all in my sight
(I said) Real niggas tryna fuck, fuck niggas wanna fight
(I said) Gun shots into the air, but I ain't scared for my life
(I said)

And I'm going back to school
Only for the hoes and a class or two
Young bad bitch made the pastor drool
Everybody sweat her like Catholic school
Sat next to her in the back of the class
Cheated off her test and I'm grabbing her ass
She like "Don't you know this shit already?"
"Nigga, ain't you rich already?"
Yeah, but I got dumb as shit
Hanging 'round these rappers 'cause they dumb as shit
But I'm back on track, jump shot wasn't that good
Couldn't sell crack but I rap good
That's one stereotype
Know a lot of niggas that'll marry your type
Bad bitch with a degree, I let 'em scoop ya
I'm Koopa, I never been the Mario type
No saving hoes
I ain't fooled cause a lot of cool bitches that a nigga went to school with is major hoes
And they mans don't know, they mans don't know, fo' sho
Had a nigga baby, little mans don’t know
Mama, was a freak, got it in on the low
12 years later when my song come on, he ask
"Mama, did you fuck J. Cole?"
Whoa
Troubles of this, troubles of this world
Getting to the promised land
You don't want problems, I promise, man
Troubles of this, troubles of this world
I take it to the promised land
You don't want problems, I promise, man

Set it off on my left, set it off on my right
(I said) Liquor all on my breath, bitches all in my sight
(I said) Real niggas tryna fuck, fuck niggas wanna fight
(I said) Gun shots into the air, but I ain't scared for my life
(I said)64Embed


Track: Runaway

Lyrics:
156 ContributorsRunaway Lyrics
Married men act totally different when they're by themselves, don't they? You see 'em with their wife, "What's up Tony?" "Hey man, how's everything going brother? Oh, just taking it easy, hanging out with the old lady. Alright, God bless you, take it easy now, alright." You be like that nigga ain't like that
You see him by himself, "What's up Tony?" "Hey, where's the bitches at, nigga?! Where's the bitches?!"

Yeah
Gimme my space, Lord, ain't enough time to chase
All these dreams, nah mean? I got no time to wait
Love my girl, but I told her straight up, "Don't wait up"
Stumble home late, I'm drunk, we fucked and made up
Used to living free as a bird, but now I'm laid up
Feelin' like a nigga got handcuffs on
How the fuck did my life become a damn love song?
She ride for a nigga and she stand up for him
But a nigga wan' be a nigga, be a nigga
Ride through the streets with freaks and real niggas
She'll never understand what it's like to be a man
Knowin' when you look inside yourself you see a nigga
And you don't wan' let her down
But you too young for the settle down
And maybe you can thug it out, learn what is love about
When you can't live with her and you can't live without
Aw shit, goddamn, I think the devil got his hands on me
Stripper saying, "Baby, won't you throw them bands on me?"
And I came to spend
She pop a molly, let the motherfuckin' games begin
I'm running away
You might also like
Runaway, runaway
Runaway, runaway
I'm holdin' on
Desperately
Runaway, runaway
Runaway, runaway
I'm holdin' on
When it's all said and done everybody dies
In this life ain't no happy endings
Only pure beginnings followed by years of sinning and fake repentance
The preacher say we were made in image of Lord
To which I replied: "Are you sure?
Even a murderer? Even a whore?
Even a nigga running through bitches on tour
With a good girl at home folding clothes and shit?"
She losin' faith in him and he knows the shit, like, "What the fuck is a break?
Don't know how much I can take no more
I give you all I got 'til it ain't no more
No more tears, it's been ten long years
Damn near, I don't know if I can wait no more"
And who can blame her, you complain about
Every time you out, you come back she poutin'
Sleeping back to back, this is wack, we 'bout
To go platinum and I'm in the crib acting out
My childhood fantasies of wife and home
But it's a whole lot of actresses I'd like to bone
And despite the rumors you hold out
On account of your guilt and she has got to spend her nights alone
And she ride or die like Eve and 'em
Make home-cooked meals every evenin'
And even in your lowest days
When you're no longer Superman, at least you know you got Lois Lane
But you
Runaway, runaway
Runaway, runaway
I'm holdin' on
Desperately
Runaway, runaway
Runaway, runaway
I'm holdin' on
Yeah
Unbelievable, seen evil that not even Knievel know
At age three I knew this world was three below
Listen, even though my ego low, achieved the unachievable
Imagine if my confidence was halfway decent yo
This just in, fucked more bitches than Bieber though
Still I keep it low, got my niggas on the need to know
Basis, my manager back in the days was racist
I was a young boy, passing skates and tucking laces
Old perverted white man who told me, "Jermaine
It's all pink on the inside, fuck what color they face is"
Wise words from an indecent man
Made me reflect on the times when we was three-fifths of them
In chains and powerless, brave souls reduced to cowardice
Slaving in the baking sun for hours just
To see the master creep into the shack where your lady at
Nine months later got a baby, that's
Not quite what you expected, but you
Refuse to neglect it, 'cause you
Know your wifey loves you, thus you refuse to accept it
That’s the type of shit that turned my granny light-skinned
Rich white men rule the nation still
Only difference is we all slaves now, the chains concealed
In our thoughts, if I follow my heart to save myself
Could I run away from fifty-mill like Dave Chappelle?
You know
Runaway, runaway
Runaway, runaway
I'm holdin' on
Desperately
Runaway, runaway
Runaway, runaway
I'm holdin' on78Embed


Track: She Knows (Ft. Amber Coffman & Cults)

Lyrics:
175 ContributorsShe Knows Lyrics
She knows
She knows, ayy
Bad things happen to the people you love
And you find yourself praying up to heaven above
But honestly, I've never had much sympathy
'Cause those bad things, I always saw them coming for me
I'm gonna run, run away (Oh, I), run run away, run away (Oh, I-I-I)
Run away and never come back (Well, alright)
Run run away, run run away (Oh, I), run away (Oh, I-I-I)
Show 'em that your color is black (Well, alright)

Damned if I do, damned if I don't
You know I got a girl back home
You got a man, what you want, what you want?
What these bitches want from a nigga?
On some DMX shit, huh
I know them other niggas love tricking
On some BMX shit, but not me
Now I'm sure you done heard about me
A black star, Mos Def, Kweli
Good so them bad hoes try me, they try me
This is Martin Luther King in the club, getting dubs
With a bad bitch in his ear, sayin' that she down for whatever
In the back of his mind is Coretta
You might also like
And she knows, she knows
And I know she knows, and I know she knows
And deep down, she knows, she knows
And I know she knows, and I know she knows

Well, alright, oh, I, oh, I-I-I
I can't be what you want from me, well, alright
Oh, I, oh, I-I-I
I can't be what you want from me, well, alright

Damned if I do, shit, damned if I don't
I'm passing up on bad hoes
Trying to be the man that she want, what she want?
What she—What she want from a nigga?
To put a ring on it
Got a bitch on my dick right now
And she just want to sing on it
Got me up so high, try and get a piece of that apple pie
I be up so high, try and get a piece of that apple pie
Dancehall vibes with my pants on fire
'Cause I told her I was sleep
'Cause I creep with this pretty young thing that I chose
She could be doing the same thing, I suppose
And she knows, she knows
And I know she knows, and I know she knows
And deep down, she knows, she knows
And I know she knows, and I know she knows

Well, alright, oh, I, oh, I-I-I
I can't be what you want from me, well, alright
Oh, I, oh, I-I-I
I can't be what you want from me, well, alright

Niggas say, "Turn up," hoes say, "Turn up"
Only bad thing 'bout a star is they burn up
Niggas say, "Turn up," hoes say, "Turn up"
Only bad thing 'bout a star is they burn up
Rest in peace to Aaliyah
Rest in peace to Left Eye (Left Eye)
Michael Jackson, I'll see ya
Just as soon as I die (I die)

Got me up so high, try and get a piece of that apple pie, uh
I be up so high, try and get a piece of that apple pie
Got me up so high, try and get a piece of that apple pie, uh
I be up so high, try and get a piece of that apple pie
Well, alright, oh, I, oh, I-I-I
I can't be what you want from me, well, alright
Oh, I, oh, I-I-I
I can't be what you want from me, well, alright

Run away, run away— Back
Run away, run away— Back
Run away, run away— Back
Run away, run away— Back323Embed


Track: Rich Niggaz

Lyrics:
190 ContributorsRich Niggaz Lyrics
Ayo
Ayo
Ayo, ah
Ayo, ah
Ayo
Ayo
Ayo, ah
Yeah

I hate rich niggas, god damn it
'Cause I ain't never had a lot, damn it
Who you had to kill? Who you had to rob? Who you had to fuck
Just to make it to the top, damn it?
Or maybe that's daddy money; escalator, no ladder money
Escalade, new Caddy money
Worst fear - goin' broke, 'cause I'm bad with money
Crooked smile nigga, momma never had the money, damn
I ain't trippin'
Nigga Jordan, I ain't Pippen, yeah
Up the steps, I ain't slippin', tears
Blood, sweat, and I ain't crippin', here's
A song you can sing along wit'
When you down on some let you know you ain't alone shit
When your momma ain't at home 'cause she got a second job
Deliverin' pizzas, you think she out there gettin' robbed
Please God, watch her, I know how niggas do
Half cracker but a nigga too
Talkin' all that shit 'bout your step-pops
How he was a dog, now look at you
I ain't bad as that nigga, plus dawg
I'm a grown man now, I ain't mad at that nigga
But if a plane crashed and it only killed his lame ass
I'd be glad it's that nigga, nigga
Did Kay dirty, now it's back to broke
Refund checks, used that to float
Momma gets depressed, falls in love with the next maniac
On crack, use that to cope
Make a nigga smoke a whole sack of dope
Writin' rhymes, try and bring back the hope
Tried to ride the storm out and crashed the boat
Coulda drowned, but I grabbed the rope
You might also like
And there go you
And there go you
And there go you
Sellin' me dreams and tellin' me things you knew
And there go you
And there go you
And there go you
Sellin' me dreams and tellin' me things you knew
Sing

You got what I want
I got what you need
"How much for your soul, Anna?"
"How much for your soul, Anna?"
You got what I want
I got what you need (Yeah)
"How much for your soul, Anna?"
"How much for your soul, Anna?" (Yeah)
I hate rich niggas, god damn it
'Cause I ain't never had a lot, damn it
Niggas can't front on the flows you got
But e'ry fuckin' verse how much dough you got
Homie, don't quit now
Hear my shit, you try switch now
Know you felt the shit just now
Know you felt the shit just now, ha
Ain't there more to you?
Don't it ever get borin' to you?
I realize deep down you a coward gettin' high off of power
Fuck it more to you, saw through you
And it made me ashamed that I played the game
Not for mo' money like Damon Wayans
Wanted the respect, but it came with fame
I just wanted love, but this ain't the same
I took a train down memory lane and watched lil Jermaine
Do his thang before he made a name
It's like Sony signed Basquiat, he gave it all he got
And now the nigga don't paint the same, damn
I guess he can't complain
All the money that be rainin' in
Spend a hundred thou' for the chain again
Think of old-school niggas like Dana Dane
Prolly kill for another claim to fame, my brain just sayin'
"Yeah, nigga, least he ain't insane
Least he ain't insane"
You ain't crazy, ma'fucker, you just 'fraid of change, ayy
That's new
Maybe that's true
But listen here, I got a bigger fear:
One day that I become you when I become lost
And I become heartless
And numb from all the ménages
Just one bitch don't feel the same no more
And Henny don't really kill the pain no more
Now, I'm Cobain with a shotgun aimed at my brain
'Cause I can't maintain no more
Tad bit extreme, I know
Money can't save your soul
But there go you
There go you
There go you
Sellin' me dreams and tellin' me things you knew
And there go you
And there go you
And there go you
Sellin' me dreams and tellin' me things you knew
Sing

You got what I want
I got what you need
"How much for your soul, Anna?"
"How much for your soul, Anna?"
You got what I want
I got what you need
"How much for your soul, Anna?"
"How much for your soul, Anna?"

"How much for your soul, Anna?"
"How much for your soul, Anna?"218Embed


Track: Where's Jermaine (Skit)

Lyrics:
NULL


Track: Forbidden Fruit (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)

Lyrics:
1 ContributorJ. Cole - Born Sinner (Track-By-Track Review) LyricsJ. Cole - Born Sinner
Released on June 18th, 2013
1. Villuminati (prod. J. Cole)
2. Kerney Sermon Skit (prod. J. Cole)
3. LAnd Of The Snakes (prod. J. Cole)
4. Power Trip ft. Miguel (prod. J. Cole)
5. Mo Money Interlude (prod. Jake One)
6. Trouble (prod. J. Cole)
7. Runaway (prod. J. Cole)
8. She Knows ft. Amber Coffman (prod. J. Cole)
9. Rich Niggas (prod. J. Cole)
10. Where's Jermaine? Skit (prod. J. Cole)
11. Forbidden Fruit ft. Kendrick Lamar (prod. J. Cole)
12. Chaining Day (prod. J. Cole)
13. Ain't That Some Shit Interlude (prod. J. Cole)
14. Crooked Smile ft. TLC (prod. J. Cole)
15. Let Nas Down (prod. J. Cole)
16. Born Sinner ft. James Fauntleroy (prod. J. Cole)You might also like3Embed


Track: Chaining Day

Lyrics:
112 ContributorsChaining Day Lyrics
Ayy
Cole World
Forreal

Look at me, pathetic nigga, this chain that I bought
You mix greed, pain and fame, this is heinous result
Let these words be the colors, I'm just paintin' my heart
I'm knee-deep in the game and it ain't what I thought
Copped a Range Rover, my girl got the Mercedes
Iced out crazy, I wanna shine like Baby
Compared to that nigga I ain't even got a bib yet
Truth be told I ain't even bought a crib yet
This is everything they told a nigga not to do
Image is everything I see, it got a lot to do
With the way people perceive, and what they believe
Money short so this jewelry is like a weave
Meant to deceive and hear niggas say, "I see you"
Now bitches wanna fuck you and niggas wanna be you
And police wanna stop you, frisk you, wonder what he do?
If a hater snatch your chain, I bet it still won't free you
'Cause I be right back grinding 'til I cop another
I sit and think about all this shit I coulda copped my mother
My partner said, "That's just the game, my nigga"
Swear I heard my jeweler say, "Here go your chain my nigga"
This is chaining day
You might also like
I need you to love me (Chaining day), love me (Oh, my chaining day)
I need you to love me (My chaining day), love me
My last piece, I swear
My guilt heavy as this piece I wear (Love me, love me, hey hey)
They even iced out Jesus' hair
My last piece, I swear (Love me, love me)
They even iced out Jesus' hair

Ice on this white Jesus seem a little unholy
The real strange thing about this iced out Roley
It's the same shit a broke black nigga get gassed at
Same shit a rich white motherfucka' laugh at
Well laugh on white man, I ain't paid as you
But I bet your rims ain't the same age as you
And I ain't got no investment portfolio
But my black and white diamonds shinin' like a Oreo
I know back home a nigga sick today
He rock a chain and he always got some shit to say
Even back when I was broke I knew his shit was fake
He'd probably sneeze too hard and his shit could break
But hey, you know the sayin', "Fake it 'til you make it"
Me, I did the opposite, made it then I faked it
And acted like I gave a fuck, money I was savin' up
To buy a crib that's gated to that hundred racks, I gave it up
For what?
I need you to love me (Chaining day), love me (Ohh, my chaining day)
I need you to love me (My chaining day), love me
My last piece, I swear
My guilt heavy as this piece I wear (Love me, love me, hey hey)
They even iced out Jesus' hair
My last piece, I swear (Love me, love me)

Lord, this is the last time (Haha)
Told my accountant, "It's the last time"
I swear this is the last time
I know that I said that shit last time
But this the last time
Mama I swear this is the last time
So don't take my chains from me
This is the last time
'Cause I chose this slavery
This is the last time
Don't take my chains from me
This is the last time
'Cause I love this slavery

I need you to love me, love me, love me
I need you to love me, love me, love me
I need you to love me, love me, love me
I need you to love me, love me, love me
I need you to love me, love me, love me
I need you to love me, love me, love me
I need you to love me, love me, love me
(Hey, hey, hey, hey)
I need you to love me, love me, love me
I swear this is my last time42Embed


Track: Ain't That Some Shit (Interlude)

Lyrics:
63 ContributorsAin’t That Some Shit (Interlude) Lyrics
Okay, I lied
Uh-huh

Motherfuckers tryna say I can't come to the hood—true lie
See, I would, but I'm out in Dubai
When I get back I'ma roll through that
Snatch yo' bitch, give yo' niggas dap
The hood gon' ballistic
Cole was here and you missed it
That nigga walk like Obama man
Shook yo momma hand and then kissed it
This pimp shit, this pimp shit
Cole hard, you limp dick
My flow hard, no wimp shit
Put in that work, no temp shit
Ya bitch wearin' that lipstick
Gave this dick a french kiss
That nigga so wack when the bitch came back
He kissed her hoping that it get him sick, ha
Ain't that some shit
Well paid for this rapping shit
Ville made it to the map and shit
Niggas move 'caine like Kappa shit
Can't map this shit
From no bed springs in my mattresses
To fuckin' these bad little actresses
I'm bad as shit, ha
You might also like
I got that work
Say what? My flow
Say what? My bitches
Say what? You Cole
Say what? I said

Say what?
Ain't that some shit
Well paid for this rap and shit
Say what?
Ain't that some shit
Well paid for this rap and shit
Say what?
Ain't that some shit
Well paid for this rap and shit
Say what?
Ain't that some shit, bitch

Bounce, bounce, bounce, bounce
(Bounce) bounce
(Bounce) bounce
(Bounce) bounce
Flow, flow, flow, flow
Flow tight, put a nigga in a headlock
Fuck hoes out of wedlock, make her bed rock
Red hot, so they got red dots
Pullin' that trigger nigga better be a head shot
Money long like dread locks shit
So if you send shots then you bet not miss
For a couple G's, send a couple G's
Fuck copping pleas, Met Lock shit (testify)
I gotta testify
Came through humble so it's best if I
Explain the newer shit, rockin' jewel shit
Got the full clip, cock and pull shit
Stop the bullshit watch the flow
How you gon' stop the unstoppable?
Keep niggas on they toes, no Dr. Scholls
It's the Roc bitch, rock and roll

I got that work
Say what? My flow
Say what? My bitches
Say what? You Cole
Say what? I said
Say what?
Ain't that some shit
Well paid for this rap and shit
Say what?
Ain't that some shit
Well paid for this rap and shit
Say what?
Ain't that some shit
Well paid for this rap and shit
Say what?
Ain't that some shit, bitch

Bounce, bounce, bounce, bounce
(Bounce) bounce
(Bounce) bounce
(Bounce) bounce

My nigga Syience killed this motherfucking beat23Embed


Track: Crooked Smile (Ft. TLC)

Lyrics:
1 ContributorJ. Cole - Born Sinner (Track-By-Track Review) LyricsJ. Cole - Born Sinner
Released on June 18th, 2013
1. Villuminati (prod. J. Cole)
2. Kerney Sermon Skit (prod. J. Cole)
3. LAnd Of The Snakes (prod. J. Cole)
4. Power Trip ft. Miguel (prod. J. Cole)
5. Mo Money Interlude (prod. Jake One)
6. Trouble (prod. J. Cole)
7. Runaway (prod. J. Cole)
8. She Knows ft. Amber Coffman (prod. J. Cole)
9. Rich Niggas (prod. J. Cole)
10. Where's Jermaine? Skit (prod. J. Cole)
11. Forbidden Fruit ft. Kendrick Lamar (prod. J. Cole)
12. Chaining Day (prod. J. Cole)
13. Ain't That Some Shit Interlude (prod. J. Cole)
14. Crooked Smile ft. TLC (prod. J. Cole)
15. Let Nas Down (prod. J. Cole)
16. Born Sinner ft. James Fauntleroy (prod. J. Cole)You might also like3Embed


Track: Let Nas Down

Lyrics:
210 ContributorsTranslationsEnglishLet Nas Down Lyrics
Freedom or jail, clips inserted
A baby's bein' born, same time a man is murdered
The beginning and end
As far as rap go, it's only natural, I explain
My plateau, and also what defines my name

Yeah, long live the idols, may they never be your rivals
Pac was like Jesus, Nas wrote the Bible
Now what you're 'bout to hear's a tale of glory and sin
No I.D. my mentor, now let the story begin
I used to print out Nas raps and tape 'em up on my wall
My niggas thought they was words, but it was pictures I saw
And since I wanted to draw, I used to read 'em in awe
Then he dropped Stillmatic, rocked the cleanest velour
Fast forward, who'da thought that I would meet him on tour
I'm earnin' stripes now, a nigga got Adidas galore
Backstage I shook his hand, let 'em know that he's the man
When he said he was a fan it was too hard to understand
No time to soak up the moment though ‘cause I was in a jam
Hov askin' where's the record that the radio could play and
I was strikin' out for months, 9th inning, feelin' fear
Jeter under pressure, made the biggest hit of my career
But at first, that wasn't clear, niggas had no idea
Dion called me when it dropped, soundin' sad but sincere
Told me Nas heard your single and he hate that shit
Said, "You the one, yo, why you make that shit?"
I can't believe I let Nas down
Damn, my heart sunk to my stomach
I can't believe I let Nas down
I got defensive on the phone
Resentment was in my tone, fuck it

Long live the idols, may they never be your rivals
Pac was like Jesus, Nas wrote the Bible
Now what you're 'bout to hear is a tale of glory and sin
No I.D. my mentor, now let the story begin

I couldn't help but think that maybe I had made a mistake
I mean, you made "You Owe Me", dog, I thought that you could relate
But while I shot up the charts
You mean tellin' me that I was not up to par when I followed my heart?
Granted, my heart was tainted by my mind that kept on sayin', "Where's the hits? You ain't got none
You know Jay'll never put your album out without none,"
And, dog, you know how come
Labels are archaic, formulaic with they outcomes, huh
They don't know, they just study the charts
Me, I studied the shows, the fans, studied they hearts
I had a feelin' I was killin', and this music we were spillin' out
Would change lives forever, fuck the label, put it out
Friday Night Lights blew, that was classic number two
Now it seemed as if the Nas comparisons was comin' true
Still no release date from the label, are they insane?
Gucc told me play the game to change the game
But on the way I let Nas down
Damn, I got no one to blame
I'm ashamed, I let Nas down
But this is God's plan, you could never understand, fuck it

Long live the idols, may they never be your rivals
Pac was like Jesus, Nas wrote the Bible
Now what you're 'bout to hear is a tale of glory and sin
No I.D. my mentor, now let the story begin
I always believed in the bigger picture
If I could get them niggas to listen outside my core then I can open the door
Reintroduce 'em to honesty, show 'em that they need more
The difference between the pretenders and the Kendrick Lamars
And so, I took the fall
Like the son of the Lord on the cross dyin' for that fake shit you niggas bought
For the past decade
If I should pass, please let this be my last essay
Therefore I write from the heart
Apologies to OG's for sacrificin' my art
But I'm here for a greater purpose, I knew right from the start
I'm just a man of the people, not above but equal
And for the greater good I walk amongst the evil
Don't cry, Mama, this the life I choose myself
Just pray along the way that I don't lose myself
This is for the nigga that said that Hip-Hop was dead
I went to Hell to resurrect it, how could you fail to respect it?
You might also like
Letting Nas down
I got the phone call
Quietly I mourned, dog, I let Nas down
Yeah, and on this flight
May I never lose sight, fuck it

Long live the idols, may they never be your rivals
Pac was like Jesus, Nas wrote the Bible
Now what you just heard's a tale of glory and sin
No I.D. my mentor, now let the story begin, begin
Story begin100Embed


Track: Born Sinner (Ft. James Fauntleroy)

Lyrics:
10 ContributorsAll Songs Rated A Perfect 10/10 Lyrics50 Cent - In Da Club
A$AP Rocky - 1 Train (ft. Kendrick Lamar, Yelawolf, Danny Brown, Big KRIT, Joey Bada$$ & Action Bronson)
A$AP Rocky - Excuse Me
A$AP Rocky - L$D
A$AP Rocky - Fuckin' Problems (ft. Drake, 2 Chainz & Kendrick Lamar)
Chance The Rapper - Cocoa Butter Kisses (ft. Vic Mensa & Twista)
Chance The Rapper - Favorite Song (ft. Childish Gambino)
Donnie Trumpet & The Social Experiment - Sunday Candy
Drake - Best I Ever Had
Drake - Crew Love (ft. The Weeknd)
Drake - Hold On, We're Going Home (ft. Majid Jordan)
Drake - The Language
Drake - Over My Dead Body
Drake - The Real Her (ft. Lil Wayne & Andre 3000)
Eminem - Beautiful
Eminem - Evil Twin
Eminem - Headlights (ft. Nate Ruess)
Eminem - Love Game (ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Eminem - No Love (ft. Lil Wayne)
Eminem - Stan (ft. Dido)
Eminem - The Real Slim Shady
Future - Benz Friendz(Watchutola) (ft. Andre 3000)
Future - Move That Dope (ft. Pusha T, Pharrell & Casino)
J. Cole - Born Sinner (ft. James Fauntleroy)
J. Cole - No Role Modelz
Kanye West - All Of The Lights(ft. Rihanna)
Kanye West - Black Skinhead
Kanye West - Blood On The Leaves
Kanye West - Dark Fantasy
Kanye West - Famous(ft. Rihanna & Swizz Beatz)
Kanye West - Gorgeous(ft. Kid Cudi & Raekwon)
Kanye West - Highlights(ft. The-Dream, DeBarge & Young Thug)
Kanye West - Lost In The World(ft. Bon Iver)
Kanye West - New Slaves (ft. Frank Ocean)
Kanye West - No More Parties In LA(ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Kanye West - Monster(ft. Bon Iver, Rick Ross, Jay Z & Nicki Minaj)
Kanye West - Paranoid (ft. Mr. Hudson)
Kanye West - Power(ft. Dwele)
Kanye West - RoboCop
Kanye West - Runaway(ft. Pusha T)
Kanye West - So Appalled(ft. Pusha T, Swizz Beatz, Jay Z, RZA & CyHi The Prynce)
Kanye West - Waves(ft. Chris Brown)
Kanye West - Welcome To Heartbreak (ft. Kid Cudi)
Kendrick Lamar - Backseat Freestyle
Kendrick Lamar - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe
Kendrick Lamar - i
Kendrick Lamar - King Kunta
Kendrick Lamar - m.A.A.d City (ft. MC Eiht)
Kendrick Lamar - Swimming Pools
Kendrick Lamar - Untitled 08
Kendrick Lamar - Wesley's Theory (ft. George Clinton & Thundercat)
Lil Wayne - A Milli
Lil Wayne - Love Me (ft. Drake & Future)
Lil Wayne - Tie My Hands (ft. Robin Thicke)
Logic - Buried Alive
Lupe Fiasco - Around My Way(Freedom Ain't Free)
Lupe Fiasco - Deliver
Lupe Fiasco - The Instrumental (ft. Jonah Matranga)
Lupe Fiasco - Madonna (ft. Nikki Jean)
Nas & Damian Marley - Strong Will Continue
Pusha T - Nosetalgia (ft. Kendrick Lamar)
ScHoolboy Q - Collard Greens (ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Tech N9ne - Fragile (ft. Kendrick Lamar, Mayday! & Kendall Morgan
Travi$ Scott - Don't Play (ft. Big Sean)
Travi$ Scott - Hell Of A Night3Embed


Album: Born Sinner (Deluxe Version) - June 18, 2013

Album Not Found: 404 Client Error: Not Found for url: https://genius.com/albums/j-cole/born-sinner-(deluxe-version)

Album: 2014 Forest Hills Drive - December 09, 2014

1. Intro (2014 Forest Hills Drive)
2. January 28th
3. Wet Dreamz
4. 03' Adolescence
5. A Tale of 2 Citiez
6. Fire Squad
7. St. Tropez
8. G.O.M.D.
9. No Role Modelz
10. Hello
11. Apparently
12. Love Yourz
13. Note to Self

Track: Intro (2014 Forest Hills Drive)

Lyrics:
72 ContributorsTranslationsEspañolEnglishEnglishIntro (2014 Forest Hills Drive) Lyrics

Do you wanna, do you wanna be?
Do you wanna, do you wanna be?
Do you wanna, do you wanna be, free?
Do you wanna, do you wanna be, happy?
Do you wanna, do you wanna be, happy?
Do you wanna be, happy?
Do you wanna, do you wanna be, happy?
I said do you wanna, do you wanna be, happy?
I said do you wanna, do you wanna be, free?
I said do you wanna, do you wanna be happy?
I said do you wanna, do you wanna be, free?

Free from pain, free from scars
Free to sing, free from bars
Free my dawgs, you're free to go
Block is hot, the streets is cold
Free to love, to each his own
Free from bills, free from pills
You roll it loud, the speakers blow
Life get hard, you ease your soul
It cleanse ya mind, learn to fly
Then reach the stars, you take the time
To look behind and say, "Look where I came
Look how far I done came"
They say that dreams come true
And when they do, that there's a beautiful thing
You might also like
Now do you wanna, do you wanna be happy?
I said do you wanna, do you wanna be free?
I said do you wanna, do you wanna be?85Embed


Track: January 28th

Lyrics:
197 ContributorsTranslationsEspañolEnglishJanuary 28th Lyrics
Rap tune
Can I make a million dollars off a rap tune?
Can I make a million dollars off a rap tune?
I'm tryna make a million dollars off a rap tune
Yeah, look

The real is back, the ville is back
Flow bananas, here, peel this back
And what you'll find is, your highness
Can paint a picture that is vivid enough to cure blindness
Carolina's finest, you knew that already
In terms of the greatest, I proved that already
And if you would like, I do it twice
I just sharpen my blade, for a minute became lost in my ways
This for my niggas that was tossed in the graves
Every so often I fade deep in my thoughts
And then get lost in the days
We used to play before your coffin was made
Just got the call nigga got caught with a stray
Hope he's okay
Just got paid what Cochran got paid to free OJ
Just to share my life on the stage in front of strangers
Who know a nigga far too well, and that's the danger
Know me better than I know myself
I rip a page out my notebook in anger
And let these thoughts linger, singing
You might also like
Don't give 'em too much you (Don't give 'em too much you)
Don't let 'em take control (Don't let 'em take control)
It's one thing you do (It's one thing you do)
Don't let 'em taint your soul (Don't let 'em taint your soul)
If you believe in God (If you believe in God)
One thing's for sure (One thing's for sure)
If you ain't aim too high (If you ain't aim too high)
Then you aim too low (Then you aim too low)

What's the price for a black man life?
I check the toe tag, not one zero in sight
I turn the TV on, not one hero in sight
Unless he dribble or he fiddle with mics
Look out the window 'cause tonight the city lit up with lights
Cameras and action
May no man alive come through and damage my faction
I brought you niggas with me 'cause I  love you like my brothers
And your mothers' like my mother
Think we need a plan of action
The bigger we get the more likely egos collide, it's just physics
Please let's put our egos aside, you my niggas
And should our worst tendencies turn us into enemies
I hope that we remember these
Nights full of Hennessy
When Hov around we switch up to that D'usse
Gotta show respect, one day we tryna stay where you stay
'Cause we from where you from
Not talkin' bout the slums
I'm talkin' 'bout that mind state that keep a black nigga dumb
Keep a black nigga dyin' by a black nigga gun
And keep on listening to the frontin' ass rap niggas son
Yeah I said 'son'
This is New York's finest
For 11 winters straight I took on New York's climate
Like show me New York's ladder
I climb it and set the bar so high that you gotta get Obama to force the air force to find it
Never mind it, you'll never reach that
Cole is the hypnotist, control the game whenever he snap
That's every track, nigga
Don't give 'em too much you (Don't give 'em too much you)
Don't let 'em take control (Don't let 'em take control)
It's one thing you do (It's one thing you do)
Don't let 'em taint your soul (Don't let 'em taint your soul)
If you believe in God (If you believe in God)
One thing's for sure (One thing's for sure)
If you ain't aim too high (If you ain't aim too high)
Then you aim too low (Then you aim too low)

I ain't serve no pies, I ain't slang no dope
I don't bring no lies, niggas sang my quotes
I don't play no games, boy I ain't no joke
Like the great Rakim, when I make my notes
You niggas might be L or you might be Kane
Or you might be Slick Rick with 19 chains
Or you might be Drizzy Drake or Kendrick Lamar
But check your birth date nigga, you ain't the god
Nah you ain't the god
Nigga, Cole the god (Cole the god, Cole the god)
January 28th

Make a million dollars off a rap tune
Can I make a million dollars off a rap tune?
(*sound of baby laughing*)
I'm tryna make a million dollars off a rap tune
I wanna make a million dollars off a rap tune
I'm gonna make a million dollars off a rap tune261Embed


Track: Wet Dreamz

Lyrics:
203 ContributorsTranslationsEspañolEnglishEnglishItalianoWet Dreamz Lyrics
Cole
Cole world
Yeah
Let me take y'all back, man
As I do so well
Wadn't nuttin' like that
Man, it wadn't nuttin' like that

First time, she was in my math class (Uh-huh)
Long hair, brown skin with the fat ass
Sat beside me, used to laugh, had mad jokes
The teacher always got mad, so we passed notes
It started off so innocent
She had a vibe and a nigga started diggin' it, uh
I was a youngin, straight crushin', tryna play the shit cool
But a nigga couldn't wait to get to school, ‘cause when I seen
Them thighs on her and them hips on her and them lips on her
Got me daydreamin', man, what
I'm thinkin' how she rides on it, if she sits on it, if she licks on it
Make it hard for me to stand up, as time goes by
Attractions gettin' deep and
Wet dreamin', thinkin' that I'm smashin' but I'm sleepin', I want it bad
And I ain't never been obsessed before
She wrote a note that said, "You ever had sex before?" Damn…
You might also like
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no

I wrote back and said
"Of course I had sex before," knowin' I was frontin'
I said, "I'm like a pro, baby," knowin' I was stuntin'
But if I told the truth, I knew that I'd get played out, son
Hadn't been in pussy since the day I came out one, but
She don't know that, so she done wrote back and told me
"Oh, you a pro, homie? Well, I want you to show me
My mama gone for the weekend
So Saturday, baby, we can get to freakin'."
That's when my heart start racin' and my body start sweatin'
Baby, you done woke my lil' man up
I'm thinkin' how that body look naked when you layin' on the bed
Teacher, please, don't make me stand up, I wrote back like
"Yeah, baby, sound like a plan."
Still tryna play it cool, sound like the man
But I was scared to death, my nigga, my stomach turnin'
Talkin' shit, knowin' damn well I was a virgin, fuck
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no

Yeah, you know that feelin' when you
Know you finna bone for the first time?
I'm hopin' that she won't notice it's my first time
I'm hopin' that my shit is big enough to fuck wit'
And most of all I'm prayin', "God, don't let me bust quick"
I'm watchin' pornos, tryna see just how to stroke right
Practice puttin' condoms on—how it go? Right
I'm in her crib, now a nigga palm sweatin'
With a pocket full of rubbers and an erection
That's when my hands start touchin' and her face start blushin'
And a nigga roll over on top and then she
Get my pants unbuckled and her hands start rubbin'
On me, ooh girl, don't stop, it's time for action
Pull out the condoms real smooth, yeah, just how I practiced
But right before I put it in, she flinched and grabbed it and said
"I wanna get somethin' off my mental
I can tell you're a pro, but baby, be gentle, ‘cause—"
‘Cause I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
1.1KEmbed


Track: 03' Adolescence

Lyrics:
189 ContributorsTranslationsTürkçePortuguêsEspañol03' Adolescence Lyrics

La la la
La la la la la
La la la (Yeah)
La la la la la (Yeah)

I grew up, a fucking screw up, tie my shoe up
Wish they was newer, damn, need something newer
In love with the baddest girl in the city, I wish I knew her
I wish I wasn't so shy, I wish I was a bit more fly
I wish that I could tell her how I really feel inside
That I'm the perfect nigga for her, but then maybe that's a lie
She like a certain type of nigga, and it's clear I'm not that guy
Ball player, star player, I'm just watchin' from the side
On the bench, 'cause my lack of confidence won't let me fly
I ain't grow up with my father, I ain't thinkin' 'bout that now
Fast forward four years or so from now, I'll probably cry
When I realize what I missed, but as of now my eyes are dry
'Cause I'm tryna stay alive, in the city where too many niggas die
Dreamin' quiet trying to dodge a suit and tie
Who am I? (La la la)
Ayy, who am I? (La la la la la, yeah)
You might also like
Things change, rearrange and so do I
It ain't always for the better, dawg, I can't lie
I get high 'cause the lows can be so cold
I might bend a little bit but I don't fold
One time for my mind and two for yours
I got food for your thoughts to soothe your soul
If you see my tears fall, just let me be
Move along, nothing to see

I always did shit the hard way
My nigga  slangin' in the hallway
Burnt CD's and trees like this was Broadway
Times Square, kept the dimes there in the locker
Some Reggie Miller with more brown hairs than Chewbacca
Whispers that he got it for the low-low, sell a
Dime for a dub, them white boys ain't know no better
Besides, what's twenty dollars to a nigga like that?
He tell his pops he need some lunch and he gon' get it right back
I peeped game, got home snatched my mama keychain
Took her whip, the appeal, too ill to refrain
I hit the boulevard, pull up to my nigga front do'
His mama at home, she still let 'em hit the blunt though
I told her, "Hello", and sat with my nigga and laughed
And talked about how we gon' smash all the bitches in class
I complimented how I see him out here getting his cash
And just asked, "What a nigga gotta do to get that?
Put me on," he just laughed when he seen I was sure
17 years breathing, his demeanor said more
He told me, "Nigga, you know how you sound right now?
If you wasn't my mans, I would think that you a clown right now
Listen, you everything I wanna be, that's why I fucks with you
So how you looking up to me when I look up to you?
You 'bout to go get a degree, I'ma be stuck with two choices:
Either graduate to weight or selling number two
For what? A hundred bucks or two a week?
Do you think that you would know what to do if you was me?
I got, four brothers, one mother that don't love us
If they ain't want us, why the fuck they never wore rubbers?"
I felt ashamed to have ever complained
About my lack of gear and thought about how far we done came
From trailer park to a front yard with trees in the sky
Thank you mama, dry your eyes, there ain't no reason to cry
You made a genius and I, ain't gon' take it for granted
I ain't gon' settle for lesser, I ain't gon' take what they handed
Nah, I'm gon' take what they owe me and show you that I can fly
And show old girl what she missing, the illest nigga alive
Ayy, who am I?
Things change, rearrange and so do I (Ayy, who am I?)
It ain't always for the better, dawg, I can't lie (Who am I?)
I get high 'cause the lows can be so cold
I might bend a little bit but I don't fold
One time for my mind and two for yours
I got food for your thoughts to soothe your soul
If you see my tears fall, just let me be
Move along, nothing to see

I never felt better273Embed


Track: A Tale of 2 Citiez

Lyrics:
193 ContributorsTranslationsTürkçeEspañolPortuguêsA Tale of 2 Citiez Lyrics

Uh

Since a youngin' always dreamed of gettin' rich
Look at me, my nigga
Fantasize about a white picket fence
With some trees, my nigga
Used to want a Pathfinder with some tints
That's all I need, my nigga
Throw some 20's on that bitch and get it rinsed
But now I see, my nigga
That the world's a lot bigger ever since
Picked up the paper
And they say my nigga Eddie caught a body, I'm convinced
Anybody is a killer, all you gotta do is push 'em to the limits
Fuck being timid in the Civic
Politicin' with the pushers and the pimps
I'm tryna write a story, can I get a glimpse?
Yeah, can I get a glimpse?
Last night I had a bad dream (Bad dream, bad dream)
That I was trapped in this city
Then I asked is that really such a bad thing? (Bad thing, bad thing)
They robbin' niggas on the daily
Can you blame a nigga that ain't never had things?
(What's the value of a thing?) Guess not
Last night they pulled up on my nigga at the light like—
Ugh, nice watch, run it
Hands in the air now, hands in the air, run it
Hands in the air now, hands in the air, run it
Hands in the air now, hands in the air
Hands in the air now, hands in the air
You might also like
Small town nigga, Hollywood dreams
I know that everything that glitters ain't gold
I know the shit ain't always good as it seems
But tell me 'til you get it how could you know?
How could you know? (How could you know? How could you know? How could you know? How could you know? How could you know?)
How could you know? (How could you know? How could you know? How could you know? How could you know? How could you know?)
Listen up, I'm 'bout to go and get rich
Fuck with me, my nigga
We gon' circle 'round the Ville and hit a lick
Cop some trees, my nigga
And some powder, bag it up and make it flip
You gon' see, my nigga
One day we gon' graduate and cop a brick
And that's the key, my nigga
Listen up, I'm 'bout to go and get rich
Stand back and watch if you want to, nigga
Me, I want my pockets fat, a badder bitch
Tired of seein' niggas flaunt, I wanna flaunt too, nigga
Watch some rollers in a fuckin' Crown Vic
Tryna lock a nigga up, that's what they won't do, nigga
Wanna know a funny thing about this shit?
Even if you let 'em kill your dream
It'll haunt you, nigga, haunt you
Last night I had a bad dream
That I was trapped in this city
Then I asked is that really such a bad thing?
I look around like—
Do you wanna be another nigga, that ain't never had things? (What's the value of a thing?)
Guess not
Last night we pulled up on a nigga at the light like
(You know what the fuck it is, nigga, run that shit right now)
Uh, nice watch, run it
Hands in the air now, hands in the air, run it
Hands in the air now, hands in the air, run it
Hands in the air now, hands in the air
Hands in the air now, hands in the air

Father forgive me for my childish ways
I look outside and all the clouds are gray
I need your hands to take me miles away
Your wish is my command, my command, my command
But before you go I've got to warn you now
Whatever goes up surely must come down
And you'll get your piece, but know peace won't be found
So why just take me man, take me man, take me man
Your wish is my command, my command, my command375Embed


Track: Fire Squad

Lyrics:
281 ContributorsTranslationsEnglishFire Squad Lyrics

Yeah, yeah, yeah (Yeah)
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah (Yeah)
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (Yeah)
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

Nigga, why you actin' like a ho?
Know that I'ma ride for you, either way it go
Tell me, girl, why you be stressin' me for time? (Time, time, time, time, time, time)
When you tell me you love me, can't you see I'm tryna climb?
Damn, my nigga, why you actin' like a bitch? (Bitch, bitch, bitch)
If you scared to take a chance, how the fuck we gon' get rich?
Come here, baby, why you always insecure? ('Cure, cure, cure, cure, cure, cure)
Hold on tight to a nigga and be sure

Yeah, ain't a way around it no more, I am the greatest
A lotta niggas sat on the throne, I am the latest
I am the bravest, go toe to toe with the giants
I ain't afraid of you niggas, I'll end up fadin' you niggas
'Fore it's all said and done, this nigga need medicine
My Uzi, it weighed a ton, I need me a better gun
In fact I just might need two, 'cause niggas say they the one
And I got somethin' to prove
Forgive me, Lord, here they come, blaow
You might also like
Nigga, why you actin' like a ho?
Know that I'ma ride for you, either way it go
Tell me, girl, why you be stressin' me for time? (Time, time, time, time, time, time)
When you tell me you love me, can't you see I'm tryna climb?
Damn, my nigga, why you actin' like a bitch? (Bitch, bitch, bitch)
If you scared to take a chance, how the fuck we gon' get rich?
Come here, baby, why you always insecure? ('Cure, cure, cure, cure, cure, cure)
Hold on tight to a nigga and be sure

My inhibition's fightin' my intuition
Premature premonition, showin' me the demolition
Of these phony niggas, so ahead of my time
Even when I rhyme about the future I be reminiscin'
You want the truth? Well, come and listen
I'm like that time you bagged a dime and checked your phone and saw it was a number missin'
As fate passes you by, half of you try
The other half of you fried, too high to actually fly
One day y'all have to decide, who you gon' be
A scary nigga or a nigga that's gon' rule like me
Keep it true like me, Cole, you might be
Like the new Ice Cube, meets the new Ice-T
Meets 2 Live Crew, meets the new Spike Lee
Meets Bruce like Wayne, meets Bruce like Lee
Meets '02 Lil Wayne, in a new white tee
Meets KD, ain't no nigga that can shoot like me, blaow
Nigga, why you actin' like a ho?
Know that I'ma ride for you, either way it go
Tell me, girl, why you be stressin' me for time? (Time, time, time, time, time, time)
When you tell me you love me, can't you see I'm tryna climb?
Damn, my nigga, why you actin' like a bitch? (Bitch, bitch, bitch)
If you scared to take a chance, how the fuck we gon' get rich?
Come here, baby, why you always insecure? ('Cure, cure, cure, cure, cure, cure)
Hold on tight to a nigga and be sure

(Who's the king?)
Came from the bottom, nigga, with stains on my shirt
What you expected from me, I came from the dirt (Who's the king?)
Money my motivator, the songs that I sing
Picture a peasant passin' from pawn to a king
(Who's the king?)
You tell me you still love me, if so then let me go
Will I return or will I burn, never know (Who's the king?)
Look in my eyes and see the future
But don't sugar coat it (Yeah)
Listen, history repeats itself and that's just how it goes
Same way that these rappers always bite each other's flows
Same thing that my nigga Elvis did with Rock 'n Roll
Justin Timberlake, Eminem and then Macklemore
While silly niggas argue over who gon' snatch the crown
Look around, my nigga, white people have snatched the sound
This year I'll prolly go to the awards dappered down
Watch Iggy win a Grammy as I try to crack a smile
I'm just playin', but all good jokes contain true shit
Same rope you climb up on, they hang you with
But not Jermaine, my aim too sick
I bang, nigga, I came to bring the pain my brain too quick
You see how I maneuver this game, I ain't stupid
I recognize that life is a dream, and I dream lucid
And break the chains and change minds
One verse at a time, and claim 2-6
And fuck it, if the shoe fits, who's the king?
We all kings (We all kings, nigga)
Kings of ourselves first and foremost
(True)
While the people debate who's the king of this rap game (Hehehaha)
Here comes lil' ol' Jermaine
With every ounce of strength in his veins
To snatch the crown from whoever y'all think has it (True)
But rather than place it on his head as soon as he grabs it
Poof, boom, paow, it's like magic
With a flash and a bang, the crown disintegrates
And falls to the Earth from which it came
It's done
Ain't gon' be no more kings (Ain't gon' be no more kings)
Be wary of any man that claims
Because deep down he clings onto the need for power (Mm)
In reality he's a coward (Mm)
Ultimately he's scared to die
And sometimes so am I
But when I'm in tune with the most high
I realize, the fear lies in my lack of awareness of the other side (The other side, ayy)
Today I know that we are the same, are the same, you and I (Yessir)
Different kind of skin, different set of eyes
Two different minds, but only one God (It's only one God, nigga)
It's for all the kings (Uh)
'Cause I know deep down every poet just wanna be loved744Embed


Track: St. Tropez

Lyrics:
89 ContributorsTranslationsPortuguêsSt. Tropez Lyrics

Roll up and smoke my sins away
I'd like to go to St. Tropez
Maybe I'll go, maybe I'll stay (Maybe I'll stay)
She asked me if I'm scared to fly
To tell the truth, I'm terrified
I never been that high before
Very bad reason not to go
Terrible reason not to go

He's on his way, he's 'bout to get paid
He's on his way to Hollywood
He's on his way, he's 'bout to get paid
He's on his way to Hollywood
Show him the way, he's 'bout to get paid
He's on his way to Hollywood
He's on his way, he's 'bout to get paid
He's on his way to Hollywood

Ayy, from the door I showed you my scars
And I told you girl, "I won't lie-ie-ie"
If we at war, then this is a war
That I can't afford, no I, I, I
I wanted more but that was before
Lord knows I'm torn, so I–I cry (No I, I, I)
From the corner of my eye, baby
It's been hard for me to smile-ile
Lately, it's been hard for me to smile-ile
Lately, it's been hard for me to smile-ile
Lately, it's been hard for me to smile
You might also like
Ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh
If you won't take me in your home
If you won't take me in your home
If you won't take me in your home
If you won't take me in your home

He's on his way, he's 'bout to get paid
He's on his way to Hollywood
He's on his way, he's 'bout to get paid
He's on his way to Hollywood
Show him the way, he's 'bout to get paid
He's on his way to Hollywood
He's on his way, he's 'bout to get paid
He's on his way to Hollywood128Embed


Track: G.O.M.D.

Lyrics:
221 ContributorsTranslationsEspañolEnglishG.O.M.D. Lyrics
Hollywood Cole, go
Ayy, Hollywood, ayy, Hollywood Cole, go
My nigga done went Hollywood

You wanna know just where I'm at?
Well, let me tell you 'bout it
I put my city on the map
But let me tell you 'bout it
They tryna say I can't come back
Ayy, let me tell you 'bout it
Man, fuck them niggas, I come back
Ayy, let me tell you 'bout it
I wanna tell you 'bout it:
Heads up, e'rybody run
Cole outside and he say he got a gun
Niggas like, "Man, that's what e'rybody said" (Uh-huh)
Go and pop the trunk and now e'rybody dead
E'rybody scared of the nigga, aware that the nigga is better (Better)
All my bitches the pick of the litter (Yeah,) never bitter
Niggas is fake, they anime
Me, I never hate, get cake like Anna Mae, woah
Eat the cake bitch, eat the damn cake (Cake), uh
Fuck good, nigga, we demand great (Great)
Order Domino then she take off all her cloth'
Nigga you know how it go, make the pizza man wait (Hol' up! Hol' up! Hol' up!)
The best-kept secret
Even Hov tried to keep it then I leaked the damn tape, uh
Rest in peace any nigga want beef
Secret service couldn't keep the man safe
You might also like
I said, to the window, to the wall (To the wall)
My nigga ride when I call (I call)
Got bitches all on my mind (My mind)
Fuck nigga blockin' my shine (My shine)
I know the reason you feel a lil way
I know just who you wan' be
So every day I thank the Man upstairs
That I ain't you and you ain't me

Get off my dick
Woah (Get the fuck off my dick)
Get off my dick
Woah (Get the fuck off my dick, nigga)
Get off my dick (Bitch)
Woah (Get the fuck off my dick)
Get off my dick
Woah

Man, fuck them niggas, I come home
And I don't tell nobody
They gettin' temporary dough
And I don't tell nobody
Lord, will you tell me if I changed?
I won't tell nobody
I wanna go back to Jermaine
And I won't tell nobody
This is the part that the thugs skip!

Young nigga never had love, you know
Foot massage, back rub shit
Blowin' bubbles in the bathtub shit
That is until I met you
Together we done watched years go by
Seen a river of your tears go by
Got me thinkin' 'bout some kids, still I
Tell them hoes come through, the break-up
Get to know somebody and you really learn
A lot about 'em, won’t be long 'fore you start to doubt 'em
Tell yourself you're better off without 'em
Then in time, you will find can't walk without 'em
Can't talk without 'em, can't breathe without 'em
Came here together, you can't leave without 'em
So you walk back in, make a scene about 'em
On your Amerie, it's just 1 Thing about 'em, it's called love
Niggas don't sing about it no more
Don't nobody sing about it no more
(No more), no more
It's called love
Niggas don't sing about it no more
Don't nobody sing about it no more
(Nigga, don't sing about this shit, nigga)
But e'ry nigga in the club singin'
To the window, to the wall (To the wall)
My nigga ride when I call (I call)
Got bitches all on my mind (My mind)
Fuck nigga blockin' my shine (My shine)
I know the reason you feel a lil way
I know just who you wan' be
So every day I thank the Man upstairs
That I ain't you and you ain't me

Get off my dick
But e'ry nigga in the club singin'
Singin' this song, yeah
Got all the bitches in the club singin'
Singin' this song, yeah
And all the mamas let their kids sing it
Sing this song, yeah
The baby mamas and the mistresses
This song, yeah, song, yeah
Song, yeah, song-song, yeah

The make up
This shit is retarded
Goddamn
Why every rich Black nigga gotta be famous?
Why every broke Black nigga gotta be brainless?
Uh, that's a stereotype
Driven by some people up in Aerial Heights, here's a scenario:
Young Cole pockets is fat like Lil Terrio
Dreamville, give us a year, we'll be on every show
Yeah, fuck nigga, I'm very sure
Heh
Fuck the rest, I'm the best nigga out
When I'm back home, I'm the best in the South
When I'm in L.A., I'm the best in the West
You contest? You can test, I'ma stretch niggas out
Ooh, I'ma stretch niggas out
That go for all y'all if I left niggas out
This shit for e'rybody on my testicle
Please make sure you put the rest in your mouth, ho
521Embed


Track: No Role Modelz

Lyrics:
402 ContributorsTranslationsEspañolРусскийEnglishItalianoFrançaisNo Role Modelz Lyrics
First things first: rest in peace, Uncle Phil
For real
You the only father that I ever knew
I get my bitch pregnant, I'ma be a better you
Prophecies that I made way back in the Ville
Fulfilled
Listen, even back when we was broke, my team ill
Martin Luther King woulda been on Dreamville, talk to a nigga

One time for my L.A. sisters
One time for my L.A. ho
Lame niggas can't tell the difference
One time for a nigga who know

Don't save her, she don't wanna be saved
Don't save her, she don't wanna be saved
Don't save her, she don't wanna be saved
Don't save her, she don't wanna be saved

No role models, and I'm here right now
No role models to speak of
Searchin' through my memory, my memory, I couldn't find one
Last night, I was gettin' my feet rubbed by the baddest bitch
Not Trina, but I swear to God, this bitch'll make you call your girl up
And tell her, "Hey, what's good?
Sorry, I'm never comin' home, I'ma stay for good"
Then hang the phone up and proceed to lay the wood
I came fast like 9-1-1 in white neighborhoods
Ain't got no shame 'bout it
She think I'm spoiled and I'm rich 'cause I can have any bitch
I got defensive and said, "Nah, I was the same without it"
But then I thought back, back to a better me
Before I was a B-list celebrity
'Fore I started callin' bitches "bitches" so heavily
Back when you could get a platinum plaque without no melody, you wadn't sweatin' me
You might also like
One time for my L.A. sisters
One time for my L.A. ho
Lame niggas can't tell the difference
One time for a nigga who know

Don't save her, she don't wanna be saved
Don't save her, she don't wanna be saved
Don't save her, she don't wanna be saved
Don't save her, she don't wanna be saved

I want a real love, dark-skinned Aunt Viv love
That Jada and that Will love
That leave a toothbrush at your crib love
And you ain't gotta wonder whether that's your kid love
Nigga, I don't want no bitch from reality shows
Out-of-touch-with-reality hoes
Out in Hollywood bringin' back five or six hoes
Fuck 'em then we kick 'em to the do', nigga, you know how it go
She deserved that, she a bird, it's a bird trap
You think if I didn't rap she would flirt back?
Takin' off her skirt, let her wear my shirt, 'fore she leave
"I'ma need my shirt back" (Nigga, you know how it go)
One time for my L.A. sisters
One time for my L.A. ho
Lame niggas can't tell the difference
One time for a nigga who know

Don't save her, she don't wanna be saved
Don't save her, she don't wanna be saved
Don't save her, she don't wanna be saved
Don't save her, she don't wanna be saved
There's an old saying in Tennessee—I know it's in Texas, probably in Tennessee—that says, fool me once... shame on... shame on you
Fool me—can't get fooled again

Fool me one time, shame on you (Ayy)
Fool me twice, can't put the blame on you (Ayy)
Fool me three times, fuck the peace sign
Load the chopper, let it rain on you (Bop, bop, bop)
Fool me one time, shame on you (Ayy)
Fool me twice, can't put the blame on you (Ayy)
Fool me three times, fuck the peace sign
Load the chopper, let it rain on you (Bop, bop, bop)
My only regret was too young for Lisa Bonet
My only regret was too young for Nia Long
Now all I'm left with is hoes from reality shows
Hand her a script, the bitch prolly couldn't read along
My only regret was too young for Sade Adu
My only regret, could never take Aaliyah home
Now all I'm left with is hoes up in Greystone
With the stale face 'cause they know it's they song

She shallow but the pussy deep (She shallow
She shallow)
She shallow but the pussy deep (She shallow), yeah, ayy
(She shallow)
She shallow but the pussy deep (She shallow), haha
(She shallow)
She shallow but the pussy deep (She shallow
She shallow)

Don't save her, she don't wanna be saved
Don't save her, she don't wanna be saved
Don't save her, she don't wanna be saved
Don't save her, she don't wanna be saved
Don't save her, she don't wanna be saved
Don't save her, she don't wanna be saved
Don't save her, she don't wanna be saved
Don't save her, she don't wanna be saved
1.3KEmbed


Track: Hello

Lyrics:
83 ContributorsTranslationsTürkçeEspañolHello Lyrics
Hello, hello, hello
Hello, hello, hello

And I thought about you today
And I thought about the things you used to say
And I thought about the things we did
And I thought about your newest kid
And damn that makes two now
Oh what do I do now?
'Cause if we ever got together
I'd have to be them niggas step-pops forever
And well that ain't my thing 'cause I
I ain't even got my own
And I ain't really got no home
No place to put these things I own
And I thought about the things you used to say
And I thought about the games you used to play
And I thought about that little kid
And I thought about the things we did
I always thought that we would be together
I always knew that we would be together
But I don't wanna wait forever
I don't wanna wait forever
You might also like
Hello, hello, hello
Hello, hello, hello

Hello? Hell-hello? Hello?
Shit seem so sad when you look back (Hello?)
Shit seem so sad when you look back (Hello?)
Shit seem so sad when you look back
Shit seem so sad when you look back
Shit seem so sad when you look back
Shit seem so sad when you look back
Shit seem so sad when you look back
Shit seem so sad when you look back
Shit seem so sad when you look back
Everything's so sad when you look back

On the rebound like a book back
On the rebound like a put back
Don't just sit back, bitch get on it
Time fly by way too quick, don't it?
Reflection bring regrets don't it?
Rejection makes you defensive
So you protect your pride with your reflexes
But life is a game with no reset on the end
It ain't no lookin' back, no, no, no, no
It ain't no lookin' back, no, no, no, no
It ain't no lookin' back, no, no, no, no
It's all good, ay
It ain't no lookin' back, no, no, no, no
It ain't no lookin' back, no, no, no, no
It ain't no lookin' back, no, no, no, no
Heh, it's all good

Hello, hello, hello
Hello, hello, hello

And I thought about you today
And I thought about the things you used to say
And I thought about the things we did
And I thought about your newest kid
And damn that makes two now
Oh what do I do now?137Embed


Track: Apparently

Lyrics:
210 ContributorsTranslationsEnglishEspañolApparently Lyrics
Oh, right, oh
Oh, why, na-da-da-da, da, ah

I keep my head high, uh
I got my wings to carry me
I don't know freedom, uh
I want my dreams to rescue me
I keep my faith strong, uh
I ask the Lord to follow me
I've been unfaithful, uh
I don't know why you call on me
This is my canvas (Yeah, my canvas)
I'ma paint it how I want it baby, oh I (Paint it)
This is my canvas
I'ma paint it, paint it, paint it, how I want it nigga
Fuck you 'cause there, there is no right or wrong, only a song
I like to write alone, be in my zone
Think back to Forest Hills, no perfect home
But the only thing like home I've ever known
Until they snatched it from my mama
And foreclosed her on the loan
I'm so sorry that I left you there to deal with that alone
I was up in New York City chasing panties, getting dome
Had no clue what you was going through
How could you be so strong?
And how could I be so selfish? I know I can be so selfish
I could tell by how I treat you with my girl, damn, she so selfless
But she put up with my ways because she loves me like you do
And though it don't always show, I love her just like I love you, and
I need to treat you better
Wish you could live forever
So we could spend more time together, uh
I love you mama, uh
You might also like
I keep my head high, uh
I got my wings to carry me
I don't know freedom, uh
I want my dreams to rescue me
I keep my faith strong, uh
I ask the Lord to follow me
I've been unfaithful, uh
I don't know why you call on me

E-e-eee, e-e, apparently (Uh)
You believe in me, huh, you believe in me
E-e-eee, e-e, apparently
You believe in me, and I thank you for it, oh, I

Another day, another rhyme, ho
Another day, another time zone
Today, I woke up feeling horny so it's only right, I got two bitches playing on my trombone
Keep up, never sure where the words would take me
Niggas eat 'em up and regurgitate me
Shit trump tight never slurred it lazy
Give a virgin the urge to rape me, nigga please
Best friends really make great for enemies
My watch came, niggas can't wait for one of these
I see you, nigga, this ain't no Rolex, it's an AP, nigga
I'm hot, dog, catch up to me, nigga— huh, couldn't resist
Aim for the stars and I shouldn't have missed
But I was riding on fumes, so I stopped by the moon
Now I'm sitting on the hood of this bitch
Like, "Thanks for the view," waiting on thanks from a few
'Cause without me you wouldn't exist
You know that shit, gave you the blueprint, don't forget
Cole is your phone on zero percent
Going off, now niggas showing off
Niggas swear they hard, but they flowing soft
I'm taking off like "boing!" on a big ass Boeing, and getting head like a coin toss, too easy
I keep my head high, uh
I got my wings to carry me
I don't know freedom, uh
I want my dreams to rescue me
I keep my faith strong, uh
I ask the Lord to follow me
I've been unfaithful, uh
I don't know why you call on me

E-e-eee, e-e, apparently (Huh)
You believe in me, you believe in me, huh
E-e-eee, e-e, apparently
You believe in me, and I thank you for it, oh I564Embed


Track: Love Yourz

Lyrics:
216 ContributorsTranslationsTürkçeРусскийEnglishEnglishLove Yourz Lyrics
Hm, love yours
Hm, love yours
No such thing
No such thing as a life that's better than yours
No such thing as a life that's better than yours (Love yours)
No such thing as a life that's better than yours
No such thing, no such thing

Heart beatin' fast, let a nigga know that he alive ('Live, live, live)
Fake niggas mad, snakes
Snakes in the grass let a nigga know that he arrived ('Rived, rived, rived)
Don't be sleepin' on your level
'Cause it's beauty in the struggle, nigga (Beauty, beauty)
Goes for all y'all
It's beauty in the struggle, nigga (Beauty, beauty)
Let me explain, yeah

It's beauty in the struggle, ugliness in the success
Hear my words and listen to my signal of distress
I grew up in the city and know sometimes we had less
Compared to some my niggas down the block, man, we were blessed
And life can't be no fairy tale, no once upon a time
But I be goddamned if a nigga don't be tryin'
So tell me, Momma please, why you be drinking all the time?
Does all the pain he brought you still linger in your mind?
'Cause pain still lingers on mine
On the road to riches, listen, this is what you'll find
The good news is, nigga, you came a long way
The bad news is, nigga, you went the wrong way
Think being broke was better
You might also like
No such thing as a life that's better than yours (Hah)
No such thing as a life that's better than yours (Think being broke was better)
No such thing as a life that's better than yours
(Think being broke was better, yeah) No such thing, no such thing
For what's money without happiness?
Or hard times without the people you love?
Though I'm not sure what's 'bout to happen next
I ask for strength from the Lord (Man) up above
'Cause I been strong so far, but I can feel my grip loosenin'
Quick, do somethin' before you lose it for good, get it back and use it for good
And touch the people how you did like before
I'm tired of livin' with demons 'cause they always invitin' more
Think being broke was better, now I don't mean that phrase with no disrespect
To all my niggas out there livin' in debt
Cashin' minimal checks, turn on the TV, see a nigga Rolex
And fantasize about a life with no stress
I mean this shit sincerely, and as a nigga who was once in your shoes
Livin' with nothin' to lose, I hope one day you hear me
Always gon' be a bigger house somewhere, but nigga, feel me
Long as the people in that motherfucker love you dearly
Always gon' be a whip that's better than the one you got
Always gon' be some clothes that's fresher than the ones you rock
Always gon' be a bitch that's badder out there on the tours
But you ain't never gon' be happy 'til you love yours
No such thing as a life that's better than yours (Love yours)
No such thing as a life that's better than yours (Love yours)
No such thing as a life that's better than yours (Love yours)
No such thing, no such thing
Heart beatin' fast, let a nigga know that he alive ('Live, live, live)
Fake niggas mad, snakes
Snakes in the grass let a nigga know that he arrived ('Rived, rived, rived)443Embed


Track: Note to Self

Lyrics:
195 ContributorsTranslationsEspañolNote to Self Lyrics
One, two, three, four
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh, oohOoh, ooh, ooh, ooh
And wherever we go
And whatever we do
And whatever we see
And whoever we be
It don't matter, it don't matter
I don't mind 'cause you don't matter
I don't mind 'cause I don't matter
(And don't shit matter) You'll see in the end

I've got a feeling that there's somethin' more
Something that holds us together
Something that holds us together
The strangest feeling but I can't be sure
Something that's old as forever
Something that's old as forever
Love, love, love, love
And wherever we go
And whatever we do
And whatever we see
And whoever we be
It don't matter, ahh, it don't matter
I don't mind 'cause you don't matter, ay
I don't mind 'cause I don't matter
(And don't shit matter) You'll see in the end, ahh!
You might also like
Yeah nigga, Forest Hills Drive
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah! That's it, we made it, baby!
As we speak, the last sample just cleared
Thank you to whoever in Japan, just cleared that shit
Turn my vocal up and turn the headphones down a little bit
I gotta do my thank yous man
I, I didn't have enough time to turn in my thank yous
For the, for the artwork, so fuck it, I'ma do it right now
This is the, this is the credits, this is roll credits nigga
If you don't, if you don't wanna sit through the credits
Get your ass up and walk out the movie theatre
First and foremost, my entire Dreamville team, thank you, man
Before that, I'm buggin', thank you, God! Oh my God
Everything happened too perfectly and in line, this whole thing
Thank you, God, thank my Dreamville family
Mez who fuckin' sleep right now
That nigga ain't even recording his shit, nigga
Nigga's been working hard man
Mez I'm proud as fuck of you man, for real you killed this shit
Ib what up? El Presidente, what up!?
We killed this shit nigga, we killed this shit nigga!
I don't give a fuck if we sell three copies nigga
We killed this shit nigga!
My nigga Adam, I'm proud of y'all man, for real
Ron Gilmore, my nigga, yes, Camille, yes that's my sister
KC, that's like a father figure right there, KC I love you man
My brother Ced, wow
We done came a long way from the Ville, my nigga Gray's Creek
My nigga Felton, you killed it
You killed that Friday Night Lights shit nigga
And you killed this one too man
I shoulda been coming to you man, hahah
You only do the classics though, that's what it is, for real
My nigga Mike Shaw shiggity
You already know where he at right now
Posted up somewhere in D.R
My nigga RJ Trump, Trump gettin' that motherfuckin' bread
You know what it is man
My nigga Diz, I see you
I see your vision, man, I believe in you, man. I love y'all niggas
Big D, thank you, bruh, for real (Teddy what up)
(Shotgun!) We believe in y'all (Proof!) you and the fiends
My nigga Bassy Badass, Bas, Bas, Bas, I can't believe it, nigga!
(Marquis Jones) You changed your life, man, keep goin'
Keep goin', the sky is the limit
Fuck that, man, Super Mookin Fiends
It's Super Mookin Fiends, nigga!
My nigga Depp, you know what I mean?
Razzle Dazzle, ahahah
Elite, Elite, Elite, Elite, what up! (I'm bored) What up man?
My nigga Reagan put in them hours, baby!
My nigga Omen, man, Elephant Eyes
That shit is confirmed classic, man
Dreamville, we only did confirmed classics so far, that's all we doin'
Yo, Elijah! Ayy, if we go diamond
Nigga you got the triple crown, man, hahaha
First 50, then Usher, nigga, you fuckin' out of here
But we might go wood though
Nervous Reck, man, congratulations to you, brother, I love you
(At least fuckin' silver, nigga)
FilthE, I love you too, man
I know you feel a way about me right now but I love you
Yo, shout to the young niggas, man
Forreal, we blessed to have y'all on board, man
We feel so grateful
Cozz, that Cozz and Effect is a mothafuckin' classic, nigga
I'll be ridin' my bike through Manhattan listenin' to that shit, man
I've been livin' with that shit for like the past four days
I finally got a chance to slow down
That shit is a classic, my nigga
Congratulations to you, we don't give a fuck what it sold
I don't even know what that shit sold to tell you the truth, man
And I'm proud of you, man
I'm, I'm proud of you and your homeboys, man
Y'all, it's really gon' be great to watch y'all grow
I'm appreciatin' watchin' y'all grow more than– more than we did, man!
I get to relive it all again and actually appreciate it this time
Shout out to the whole committee, man. Tone, Meez, what up?
My nigga Money Makin Matt, what up man?
Treat them boys right, man
Everybody that was involved in makin' this album
My nigga Jack who's at the board right now, what's up, man!?
Yo, you made the album, man! We gon' live forever, man!
You gotta loop the beat up right now though 'cause it can't, ayy, okay
Raph, Wreck-It-Raph
Perfect Sound Studios, L.A., we couldn't have did it without you
My nigga Dave Linaburg, Nate Jones, Yolanda, TS
Kaye Fox came through and killed it
My nigga Quick with the clean versions
Vinylz killed that beat!
My nigga Phonix, oh, that beat is hard!
Dahi brought that beat, who does that?
Pop & Oak, my nigga Pop, thank you, man
And nigga Willie B, I never met you, but you did the beat
!llmind, you killed the beat, Social Experiment
My nigga Jeff on the guitar, you know what I mean?
Nuno did the mothafuckin' strings, I appreciate that shit, man!
We gon' pay you, hey, the horn players that came through
I don't know y'all names but y'all killed that shit, man
We was lovin' that shit!
CharGaux, the girls on the mothafuckin' strings
We appreciate it, that session was a little wild, I ain't gon' lie
Uh, maybe that was my fault, I set y'all up with Wreck-It-Raph
But it's all good, we still killed it though
And all the mothafuckin' samples that cleared, thank you
Y'all be tryin' to give a nigga a hard time on the samples, man!
I'ma go to the fuckin' Supreme Court
And try to make this shit easier for niggas like me to clear these samples, man
If you made the fuckin' music, and you made the art
And you put it into the world
I should be able to use it however the fuck I want
I'ma pay you, I'ma give you a percentage
But you shouldn't be able to tell me I can't use it
Yeah, that's fuckin', that's fucked up, nigga
You was inspired by the world, allow the world to be inspired by your shit and to use your shit
So all them people like The fucking Doors
Or whoever that don't let niggas use they shit: fuck that, man
It's 2014, 2015 by the time you might hear this shit
Fuck that, man, we movin' on
Man, shout out Drizzy Drake, Kendrick Lamar, Wale
I'm so happy to be peers with y'all niggas and consider y'all niggas friends
And, I'm sorry I had to come snatch the crown right quick
I had to do it to show niggas it ain't no more motherfuckin' crowns man
We gotta be the example, we gotta show these niggas man
It's love at the top
Can't you believe, it–it's crazy to believe we sitting right here
In these motherfuckin' seats right now
Fifteen years ago, we was lookin' at these niggas
Like, "Man we gotta be these niggas!"
Now we those niggas
But it's our responsibility to show these niggas man it's love up here
Niggas want beef, niggas want drama
Fuck that we comin' together
Shout out to everybody in Ferguson right now still ridin', still ridin'
Everybody else asleep, y'all still ridin'
And it's bigger than Ferguson, man that shit is fuckin' nationwide man
We gotta come together, look at each other, love each other
And feel like we are one another
We share a common story nigga, that shit is pain, struggle
And guess what man? We can come together
And that's one things that's gon' do it, that's love
I'm just telling y'all, that's a Public Service Announcement
Back to this shit, yo
ByStorm, I love y'all niggas man, no matter what
Wayne, Just, Mark, Gucci, you my big brother forever
It don't even matter the business nigga, it's bigger than that
MK, thank you man, you came on board and killed it
Natalya, what's up?!
My nigga Julius Garcia, I already shouted you out
But I shouted out your alias
And I just put your whole government on record
And this gon' live forever
Tisha, Tisha, you know I love you, Tisha!
Future the Prince, thank you for those conversations man I needed that
Roc Nation damn! We feel like a family now man, forreal
It was always family but it's so ill to see us come together on this album
Thank y'all very much man, thank y'all for believing
I know this is a scary idea
I don't know if it's gon' work or not, as I speak
I don't gave a fuck man! I'm just happy we did this shit
Shout out to Nelly, Ted, Christina
Chaka I love you, Jeff what up?, Jay Z, Hov, holla!
Jay Brown, what up?! Rich Kleiman, Ty-Ty
My nigga Emory, you know what it is
Shout out to Interscope, yeah, Joey I.E., 'preciate you
Janet, Gary, Steve Berman, yeah
Columbia, we love y'all man
Damn, I'm runnin' out of breath and shit
I'm sad this is my last album with Columbia
It's not my fault it's all contractual, but I love the fuck out of y'all
We made relationships there that ain't never going away (Lisa Wiggins!)
And you never know what the future holds man
We hope we can do business some day
April, thank you very much, baby
Ayelet, you are a legend, we fuckin' love you
CJ, same to you man, y'all been killin' this shit for years
Thank you man, thank you
Rob Stringer, thank you, sir, Joel Klaiman, yessir
The whole sales team, production, marketing team
My man B Nolan who drove us around in a fuckin' van
And a SUV, and showed us all about the radio game, man
And we ain't had no hits, all we had was fuckin' "Who Dat"
Tryin' figure this shit out man and I figured it out
B Nolan, I finally figured it out
I know you like "Damn, this nigga talking to me?"
I'm talking to you man
'Cause you used to hear us stressin' over this shit
And I finally figured it out, man, don't none of that shit matter yo
I came all this way, all the way from Fayetteville, North Carolina
Went to New York City got this motherfuckin' record deal
Put out some classics, put out some singles
Had my ups, had my downs
Came all this way just to learn one thing man
Only one fuckin' thing matters and that's your happiness
And the only way you gon' get to that happiness
Is through love, real, genuine, motherfuckin' love man
Not the fake shit, not the Hollywood shit
Not the niggas giving you props so you think you the shit
Not motherfuckers knowing you so you think you famous
Not niggas seeing your whip and they want your whip
So you feel good 'cause they want your whip
Or they want your bitch, so you feel better, fuck that, real love
Where your crib is at nigga, where your heart is at
Where your home is at, where your mom is at, where your girl is at
Mimi, what up?! I'm fuckin' up my words, I don't care
How am I not gon' shout out Mimi man?
Fuck that shit, keep the tape rollin', we still goin', wassup man?!
Forest Hills Drive, we gon' do this shit
If you ain't listening to this shit, I don't give a fuck
Nigga it's the fuckin' credits
Don't nobody stay for the movie credits anyways man
My mamaa, ohhhhhhh! I love you!
I'm so grateful and blessed to have you, still in my life
A lot of people ain't got their mothers in they life still
And I recognize that I'm blessed
Mama, I love you, Zach I love you
My pops I love you, James Cole, I love you,
Jackie I love ya, my whole family, I love ya
I'm so grateful man, thank y'all
It all came full circle and I had to put this shit out in 2014
We barely made, yo Ib, we barely made it nigga
We barely fuckin' made it but we fuckin' made it man
Fuck y'all, but I love y'all at the same time man, woo!
Man look, y'all really wanna know who did it?
I'ma tell y'all who did this shit man
Man, Dale Earnhardt Jr. dawg
I'm, yo, I'm never gon' forget, this is gonna sound crazy
But I'm never gonna forget that shit you told me, yo
For real, Dale Earnhardt Jr. man, thank you dawg
From the bottom of my heart
That shit you said to me changed my life man
And I ain't gon' never forget, ever forreal
For real Dale, from me to you, you my nigga man, forreal
I love you boy. And Jonah Hill! Oh, Jonah Hill!
How could I forget Jonah Hill?!
Yo, that shit you told me when we was in the elevator
Nigga, that shit changed my, ahahah, I'm just fuckin' playin'
I don't know either one of those two dudes, hahaha
I don't know either one of them niggas
It just was, it was, I was in the moment
I just lied, I don't give a fuck
2014 Forest Hills Drive, ahaha
Cole World man, thank y'all for listening
If you made it this far, then, uh, then I really fuck with you
Until the next time, I don't know when that's gon' be but
One love baby!
Love, love, love, love142Embed


Album: Forest Hills Drive: Live from Fayetteville, NC - January 28, 2016

Album Not Found: 404 Client Error: Not Found for url: https://genius.com/albums/j-cole/forest-hills-drive:-live-from-fayetteville,-nc

Album: 4 Your Eyez Only - December 09, 2016

1. For Whom the Bell Tolls
2. Immortal
3. Deja Vu
4. Ville Mentality
5. She's Mine, Pt. 1
6. Change
7. Neighbors
8. Foldin Clothes
9. She's Mine, Pt. 2
10. 4 Your Eyez Only

Track: For Whom the Bell Tolls

Lyrics:
120 ContributorsTranslationsEnglishEspañolFor Whom the Bell Tolls Lyrics
I see the, I see the—
I see the, I see the—
I see the rain
Pouring down
Before my very eyes
Should come as no surprise
I see the, I see the rain
Pouring down, uh
Before my very eyes
Should come as no surprise

I'm searching and praying and hoping for something
I know I'm gon' see it, I know that it's coming
Lord, huh
Lord, huh
But what do you do when there's no place to turn?
I have no one, I'm lonely, my bridges have burnt down
Lord
Lord

The bells getting loud, ain't nowhere to hide
Got nowhere to go, put away my pride
Tired of feeling low even when I'm high
Ain't no way to live, do I wanna die?
I don't know, I don't know
Bells getting loud, ain't nowhere to hide
Got nowhere to go, put away my pride
Tired of feeling low even when I'm high
Ain't no way to live, do I wanna die?
I don't know, I don't know
You might also like
Bells gettin' louder, louder
I see the rain
Pouring down79Embed


Track: Immortal

Lyrics:
212 ContributorsTranslationsEnglishEspañolImmortal Lyrics
Awwwww...haha

Now I was barely seventeen with a pocket full of hope
Screamin' "Dollar and a dream" with my closet lookin' broke
And my nigga's lookin' clean, gettin' caught up with that dope
Have you ever served a fiend with a pocket full of soap?
Nigga, I can tell you things that you probably shouldn't know
Have you ever heard the screams when the body hit the floor?
Flashbacks to the pain, wakin' up, cold sweats
Six o'clock in the mornin', gotta hit the BowFlex
Get my weight up on the block, keep watch for the cops
God they love to serve a nigga three hots and a cot
Nowadays crime pays like a part time job
And the drought got me prayin' for a Carl Thom vibe
Summer Rain come again
Numb the pain 'cause it's hard for a felon
In my mind I been cryin', know it's wrong but I'm sellin'
Eyes wellin' up with tears
Thinkin' 'bout my niggas dead in the dirt
Immortalized on this shirt

Real niggas don't die
Forward with the plot
One-Seven-Forty-Five
Form at the plot
Real niggas don't die
Form on the block
Real niggas don't lie
Form in the plot
My niggas don't die
Form on the block
Real niggas don't die
Form on the block
Real niggas don't die
Real niggas don't die
You might also like
Have you ever seen a fiend cook crack on the spoon?
Have you ever seen a nigga that was black on the moon?
Have you ever seen your brother go to prison as you cry?
Have you ever seen a motherfuckin' ribbon in the sky?
Nope, all I see is that C.R.E.A.M, nigga, that green
I'm a black king, black jeans on my black queen
And her ass fat, too fat for a flat screen
I'm the type of nigga make the whole fuckin' trap lean
Kingpin, nigga, put wings on a crack fiend
If they want a nigga, they gon' have to send a SWAT team
And I'm goin' out like Scarface in his last scene
A legend, what that mean?

Real niggas don't die
Forward with the plot
One-Seven-Forty-Five
Form at the plot
Real niggas don't die
Form on the block
Hood niggas don't lie
Form in the plot
My niggas don't die
Form on the block
Real niggas don't die
Form on the block
Real niggas don't die
Real niggas don't die
To die a young legend or live a long life unfulfilled
'Cause you wanna change the world, but while alive you never will
'Cause they only feel you after you gone, or I've been told
And now I'm caught between bein' heard and gettin' old
Damn, death creepin' in my thoughts lately
My one wish in this bitch, "Make it quick if the Lord take me"
I know nobody meant to live forever anyway
And so I hustle like my niggas in Virgini-A
They tellin' niggas, "Sell dope, rap or go to NBA"
In that order, it's that sort of thinkin'
That been keepin' niggas chained at the bottom and hanged
The strangest fruit that you ever seen, ripe with pain, listen109Embed


Track: Deja Vu

Lyrics:
269 ContributorsTranslationsPortuguêsEspañolРусскийDeja Vu Lyrics
Huh, ayy, put a finger in the sky if you want it, nigga
Ayy, put two fingers in the sky if you want her
Ayy, put a finger in the sky if you want it, nigga
Ayy, put two fingers in the sky if you want her
Ayy, put a finger in the sky if you want it, nigga
Ayy, put two fingers in the sky if you want her
Ayy, put a finger in the sky if you want it, nigga
Ayy, put two fingers in the sky if you want her

Sometimes you worry 'bout the things he can provide for ya
Whenever you around I seem to come alive for ya
I finally recognize the feelings that's inside for ya
Although I know your man and trust me he would die for ya
These quiet thoughts of you been going on for years now
I saw you in the party, soft lips, soft-spoken
I came to talk to you but homie interfered now
He introduced you as his girl and I was heartbroken
Some people talk about that love at first sight shit
To keep it real I don't know whether I believe it's true
But if it is then tell me if I'm wrong or right if
I fell in love with you before I ever even knew
I catch your eye then look away as if it never happened
At times I feel as though I'm caught up in a strange dream
If eyes could talk then mines would tell ya that I'm feeling you (Feeling you)
Sometimes I swear your eyes be telling me the same thing
You might also like
She fuck with small-town niggas, I got bigger dreams (Bigger dream), hm
She fuck with small-town niggas, I got bigger dream (Bigger dreams), hm, listen
She fuck with small-town niggas, I got bigger dreams (Bigger dream)
She fuck with small-town niggas, I got bigger dream, bigger dreams, listen

Club jumping, don't stop, off top
But you know we only go 'til 2 o'clock
Put yo' motherfuckin' hood up, it's the weekend
Drop that, back that ass up and bitches get to freaking
Last call at the bar, ladies get a drink, nigga get some balls
Ain't no telling you gon' see that bitch tomorrow
Stop holding up the wall waiting for the right song
Better holla 'cause you know they 'bout to cut the lights on

And put my number in it—
Huh, I'm staring at you from afar
I'm wondering 'bout you, like where you from and who you are
'Cause you a star, no, not the type that snort the white lines
I mean the type that light the night time
I heard you got a man, but who in their right mind letting you out the house alone?
Tell me is your house a home?
Why you in the club looking like you out to zone?
Now be discreet and pull out your phone and put my number in it
Text a nigga when your man leave you unattended
On a scale from 1 to 10 that girl's a hundred and I want it
No question, I know destiny well
And though I sin the Lord blessing me still
Every saint got a past, every sinner got a future
Every loser gotta win and every winner gotta lose someday
They say it's just a matter of time
And if I had my way then you would be mine, huh
She fuck with small-town niggas, I got bigger dreams (Bigger dream), yeah
She fuck with small-town niggas, I got bigger dream (Bigger dreams), hm, listen
She fuck with small-town niggas, I got bigger dreams (Bigger dream)
She fuck with small-town niggas, I got bigger dream, bigger dreams

Club jumping, don't stop, off top
But you know we only go 'til 2 o'clock
Put yo' motherfuckin' hood up, it's the weekend
Drop that, back that ass up and bitches get to freaking
Last call at the bar, ladies get a drink, nigga get some balls
Ain't no telling you gon' see that bitch tomorrow
Stop holding up the wall waiting for the right song
Better holla 'cause you know they 'bout to cut the lights on

I know you were made for me but
Darling don't you wait for me 'cause
I can see the promised land but
I can't do no promising and
I know you were made for me but
Darling don't you wait for me 'cause
I can see the promised land but
I can't do no promising
Ayy, put a finger in the sky if you want it, nigga
Ayy, put two fingers in the sky if you want her
Ayy, put a finger in the sky if you want it, nigga
Ayy, put two fingers in the sky if you want her
Ayy, put a finger in the sky if you want it, nigga
Ayy, put two fingers in the sky if you want her
Ayy, put a finger in the sky if you want it, nigga
Ayy, put two fingers in the sky if you want her194Embed


Track: Ville Mentality

Lyrics:
99 ContributorsTranslationsEnglishEspañolVille Mentality Lyrics
How long can I survive with this mentality?
How long can I survive with this mentality?
Things fall down, but don’t stop now
Oh, can’t stop now
Oh, won’t stop now

Trials and tribulations I'm facing
In this age of information, I hate this shit
'Cause niggas hit my phone when they want some shit
Bitches hit my phone when they want some dick
Damn it, won't be long 'fore I disappear
Damn it, won't be long 'fore I disappear
Damn it, won't be long 'fore I disappear
Damn it, won't be long 'fore I disappear
You call it runnin', I call it escapin'
Start a new life in a foreign location
Similar to my niggas duckin' cases
Can't take the possible time that he faces

How long can I survive with this mentality?
How long can I survive with this mentality?
Things fall down, but don’t stop now
Oh, can’t stop now
Oh, won’t stop now
You might also like
My dad, he died—he got shot 'cause his friend set him up. And I didn't go to his funeral—and sometimes when I'm in my room, I get mad at my momma when she mean to me. And she—
And she say, "clean up"—I say—

Nigga play me, never, give up my chain, never
Give up my pride, never, show 'em my pain, never
Dirt on my name, never, dirt on my name, never
Dirt on my name, never, dirt on my name, never
Nigga play me, never, give up my chain, never
Give up my pride, never, show 'em my pain, never
Dirt on my name, never, dirt on my name, never
Dirt on my name, never, dirt on my name, never

How long can I survive with this mentality?
How long can I survive with this mentality?
Things fall down, but don’t stop now
Oh, can’t stop now
Oh, won’t stop now
I get mad and I slam my door and go in my room—
And then, I get mad and I say, "I wish my dad was here"57Embed


Track: She's Mine, Pt. 1

Lyrics:
151 ContributorsTranslationsEspañolShe’s Mine, Pt. 1 Lyrics
I never felt so alive
I never felt so alive
I never felt so alive (I never felt so alive)
I never felt so alive (I never felt so alive)

Catch me, don't you—
Catch me, don't you catch me
I've fallen in love for the first time
I wanna cry
And I ain't even tryna fight it
Don't wanna die (Don't wanna die no more)
'Cause now you're here and I just wanna be
Right by your side
On any night that you be crying, baby
I'll dry your eyes
I'll dry your eyes

Every time you go to sleep you look like you in Heaven
Plus the head game is stronger than a few Excedrin
You shine just like the patent leather on my new 11's
You read me like a book like I'm the Bible, you the Reverend
Yeah, I wanna tell the truth to you
I wanna talk about my days as a youth to you
Exposing you to all my demons and the reasons I'm this way
I would like to paint a picture, but it'll take more than a day
It would take more than some years to get all over all my fears
Preventing me from letting you see all of me perfectly clear
The same wall that's stopping me from letting go and shedding tears
From the lack of having father, and the passing of my peers
While I'm too scared to expose myself
It turns out, you know me better than I know myself
Better than I know myself
Well how 'bout that?
You might also like
She gets him (You get me)
She hugs him (You kiss me)
You tell me you miss me
And I believe you, I believe you
She gets him (You get me)
She hugs him (You kiss me)
You tell me you miss me
And I believe you, I believe you
Catch me, don't you—
Catch me, don't you catch me
I've fallen in love for the first time68Embed


Track: Change

Lyrics:
216 ContributorsTranslationsEnglishEspañolChange Lyrics
Boy, ooh
My intuition is telling me there'll be better days, yeah (Mmm, mmm)
My intuition is telling me there'll be better days
I like this tone (Ooh, ooh)

Yeah, my intuition is telling me there'll be better days
I sit in silence and find whenever I meditate
My fears alleviate, my tears evaporate (Mmm)
My faith don't deviate, ideas don't have a date
But see, I'm growing and getting stronger with every breath (Mmm)
Bringing me closer to Heaven's doors with every step (Mmm)
As we speak, I'm at peace, no longer scared to die
Most niggas don't believe in God and so they terrified
It's either that or they be fearing they gon' go to Hell
Asking the Father for forgiveness got 'em overwhelmed
(Mmm, "Please, God, I want to go to Heaven")
As if He's spiteful like them white folks that control the jail (Mmm)
See, I believe if God is real, He'd never judge a man
Because He knows us all and therefore He would understand (Mmm)
The ignorance that make a nigga take his brother life
The bitterness and pain that got him beating on his wife  (Mmm), like

I know you desperate for a change, let the pen glide
But the only real change come from inside
But the only real change come from inside
But the only real change come from— (Ooh)
In cemeteries or in chains I see men cry
But the only real change come from inside
But the only real change come from inside
But the only real change come from— (Ooh, oh, woah)
You might also like
Yeah, my
Chosen religion, Jesus piece frozen from sinnin'
Doin' dirt, hoping to God, He know my intentions (Mmm)
To see a million 'fore I see a casket
I got a baby on the way, know he gon' be a bastard  (Mmm)
I'm living fast like I'm in a drag race, how that cash taste
When I was a senior, I was ballin' on my classmates (Mmm)
Niggas put three bullets in my car, one hit the gas tank
Know I got a angel, 'cause I'm supposed to have a halo (Mmm)
Right now, my lifestyle destined for a federal facility
For my ability to make them birds fly (Mmm)
Fiends wan' get higher than a bird's eye view
And who am I to tell a nigga what to do? I just supply
It's economics, my business ain't got the suit and tie (Oh, wait)
Keep a pistol at all times, niggas want what's mine (Oh, wait)
I can't oblige, dawg, I work too hard
So reach for it, get referred to God, I'm going hard, nigga, huh (Mmm)

I know you desperate for a change, let the pen glide
But the only real change come from inside
But the only real change come from inside
But the only real change come from— (Oh, hey)
In cemeteries or in chains I see men cry
But the only real change come from inside (Come from the inside)
But the only real change come from inside
But the only real change come from— (Yeah)
Prodigal son, got a new gun, this one
Don't run out of ammo, lately been working on my handles
Can I ball, become a star, and remain myself? (Myself)
If I fall, dust it off and regain myself (Myself)
Fuck them all, they don't know all the pain I felt
I'm in awe, after all the fame I felt, I evolved (Ooh)
I no longer bury demons
I be a vessel for the truth until I'm barely breathing, I'm singing (Ooh)

Life is all about the evolution
I give up, I give in, I move back a little
I live up, I look up, now I'm back for more, yeah, yeah (I, I, yeah)
You can dream but don't neglect the execution
I give up, I give in, I move back a little (Oh, no)
I live up, I look up, now I'm back for more (Oh, oh, no)
"Time is short," that's what somebody told me (Told me, oh)
I give up, I give in, I move back a little
I live up, I look up, now I'm back for more
Ayy, now I'm back for more
Too short to keep following your homies
I give up, I give in, I move back a little
I live up, I look up, now I'm back for more

I reminisce back to a time where niggas threw they hands (Ooh)
All of a sudden, niggas poppin' trunk and then we scram (Mmm)
Finger on trigger make a little nigga understand
What it's like to finally be the motherfuckin' man (Ooh, yeah)
Eyes wide, that's from the power that the coward feels
Niggas die over bitches, disrespect, and dollar bills (Ooh)
Bloodshed done turned the city to a battlefield (Mmm)
I call it poison, you call it real, that's how you feel?
(Pop-pop-pop-pop-pop-pop)
Pistols be poppin' and niggas drop in a heartbeat
Scattered like roaches, a body laid on the concrete
(Let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go) Body laid on the concrete
Look, somebody laid on the concrete
No time for that, ain't no lookin' back, 'cause I'm running too
I made it home, I woke up and turned on the morning news
Overcame with a feeling I can't explain
'Cause that was my nigga James that was slain, he was twenty-two
(Last night at around 7:45) He was twenty-two
(Twenty-two year old black male, suspect, reporting on the news)

(I swear to God, bruh, no)
We're gathered here today...
(I swear to God)
To mourn the life of James McMillan Jr. (No)
(I swear to God—nigga, I'ma kill them niggas, man)
A tragedy, another tragedy in the black community
(I promise you, bro)
We got to do better, people
Twenty-two years old, this boy was too young (Oh my God)
(I promise you, bro, I'ma kill them niggas)
Our condolences go to his family, our prayers
(I'ma kill them niggas myself)
We know he's in a better place
We know he's in a better place
But this has got to end, ladies and gentlemen
We've got to come together, this is—this is beyond words (I'ma kill them niggas)
Now I'd like to open this ceremony with a verse from—115Embed


Track: Neighbors

Lyrics:
261 ContributorsTranslationsPortuguêsРусскийEspañolNeighbors Lyrics
I guess the neighbors think I'm sellin' dope, sellin' dope
Okay, the neighbors think I'm sellin' dope,  sellin' dope
Sellin' dope, sellin' dope, sellin' dope

Yeah, I don't want no picture with the president
I just wanna talk to the man
Speak for the boys in the bando
And my nigga never walkin' again
'pologize if I'm harpin' again
I know these things happen often
But I'm back on the scene
I was lost in a dream
As I write this, the team down in Austin
I been buildin' me a house
Back home in the South, ma
Won't believe what it's costin'
And it's fit for a king, right?
Or a nigga that could sing
And explain all the pain that it cost him
My sixteen should've came with a coffin
Fuck the fame and the fortune
Well, maybe not the fortune
But one thing is for sure though
The fame is exhaustin'
That's why I moved away, I needed privacy
Surrounded by the trees and Ivy League
Students that's recruited highly
Thinkin' "You do you and I do me"
Crib has got a big 'ol back 'ol yard
My niggas stand outside and pass cigars
Filled with marijuana, laughin' hard
Thankful that they friend's a platinum star
In the driveway there's no rapper cars
Just some shit to get from back and forth
Just some shit to get from back and forth
Welcome to the Sheltuh, this is pure
We'll help you if you've felt too insecure
To be the star you always knew you were
Wait, I think police is at the door
You might also like
Okay, the neighbors think I'm sellin' dope
Hm, I guess the neighbors think I'm sellin' dope, sellin' dope
The neighbors think I'm—neighbors think I'm—
(Don't follow me, don't follow me...)
I think the neighbors think I'm sellin' dope
(Don't follow me, don't follow me...)
I guess the neighbors think I'm sellin' dope, sellin' dope
Sellin' dope, sellin' dope, sellin' dope
Well, motherfucker, I am

Some things you can't escape:
Death, taxes, and a ra-
-cist society that make
Every nigga feel like a candidate
For a Trayvon kinda fate
Even when your crib sit on a lake
Even when your plaques hang on a wall
Even when the president jam your tape
Took a little break just to annotate
How I feel, damn, it's late
I can't sleep cause I'm paranoid
Black in a white man territory
Cops bust in with the army guns
No evidence of the harm we done
Just a couple neighbors that assume we slang
Only time they see us we be on the news, in chains, damn
Don't follow me
Don't follow me
Don't follow me
Don't follow me

Okay, the neighbors think I'm sellin' dope
Hm, I guess the neighbors think I'm sellin' dope, sellin' dope
The neighbors think I'm...neighbors think I'm—
(Don't follow me, don't follow me...)
I think the neighbors think I'm sellin' dope
(Don't follow me, don't follow me...)
I guess the neighbors think I'm sellin' dope, sellin' dope
Sellin' dope, sellin' dope, sellin' dope
Well motherfucker, I am

I am, I am, I am, I am
Well, motherfucker, I am
I think the neighbors think I'm sellin' dope
I am, I am, I am
Well, motherfucker, I am
So much for integration
Don't know what I was thinkin'
I'm movin' back to south side
So much for integration
Don't know what I was thinkin'
I'm movin' back to south side131Embed


Track: Foldin Clothes

Lyrics:
125 ContributorsTranslationsEnglishEspañolFoldin Clothes Lyrics
Hey, hey
Hey, hey
Hey, hey

I wanna fold clothes for you
I wanna make you feel good
Baby, I wanna do the right things they
Feel so much better than the wrong things
I said I wanna fold clothes for you
I wanna make you feel good
Baby, I wanna do the right things they
Feel so much better than the wrong things
I wanna fold clothes for you

I wanna fold clothes for you
Woke up this morning
Feeling like the best version of me, so happy
I walked in the living room
And saw you all alone on the couch, just napping
I, I see a lot on your plate
Nine months with that weight
I know you tired so I wonder how I can help
I get the basket and grab your clothes out the dryer
Oh, I wanna fold clothes for you
You might also like
I wanna fold clothes for you
I wanna make you feel good
Baby, I wanna do the right things they
Feel so much better than the wrong things
I said I wanna fold clothes for you
I wanna make you feel good
Baby, I wanna do the right things they
Feel so much better than the wrong things
I wanna fold clothes for you

Listen, this is a meditation for me
A practice in being present
There's nowhere I need to be
Except right here with you
Except right here with you
Folding clothes
Watching Netflix
Catching up on our shows
Eating breakfast
Raisin Bran in my bowl
With bananas and some almond milk
I never thought I'd see the day
I'm drinking almond milk
("You soft!")
I wanna fold clothes for you
I wanna make you feel good
Baby, I wanna do the right things they
Feel so much better than the wrong things
I said I wanna fold clothes for you
I wanna make you feel good
Baby, I wanna do the right things they
Feel so much better than the wrong things
I wanna fold clothes for you

If I can make life easier
The way you do mine
Save you some time
Alleviate a bit of stress from your mind
Help you relax
Let you recline babe
Then I should do it
'Cause Heaven only knows
How much you have done that for me
Now I see
It's the simple things
It's the simple things
It's the simple things
That say "I love you"
It's the simple things
It's the simple things
It's the simple things
Niggas from the hood is the best actors
We the ones that got to wear our face backwards
Put your frown on before they think you soft
Never smile long or take your defense off
Acting tough so much, we start to feel hard
Live from the city where they pull cards
I got a Glock 40 and a little nine
Ready for the day a nigga pull mine
Niggas from the hood is the best actors
Gotta learn to speak in ways that's unnatural
Just to make it through the job interviews
If my niggas heard me, they'd say
"Damn, what's gotten into you?"
Just trying to make it, dog, somehow
Peeking through the blinds, I see the sun now
I see you're still sleeping and it feels like
Maybe everything is gon' be alright51Embed


Track: She's Mine, Pt. 2

Lyrics:
138 ContributorsTranslationsEspañolShe’s Mine, Pt. 2 Lyrics
Catch me, don't you
Catch me, don't you
Catch me, I've fallen in love for the first time

For you I drop the tough guy shit, on this bus I sit
Thinking 'bout you, thinking 'bout you
Thinking 'bout you, thinking 'bout you
Thinking 'bout you, thinking 'bout you
Thinking 'bout you, thinking 'bout you
Damn it feel good to have you
Damn it feel good to have you
Damn it feel good to have you
Damn it feel good to have you

Needin' me, wantin' me, givin' me a chance to feel special
To somebody in a world where they not lovin' me
Handcuffs keep huggin' the, wrists of my niggas
And I wish stuff was different here
But if I had a magic wand to make the evil disappear
That means that there would be no Santa Claus no more
To bring you Christmas cheer
'Cause what he represents is really greed
And the need to purchase shit from corporations
That make a killin' because they feed
On the wallets of the poor who be knockin' on they door
Every Black Friday just to get some shit they can't afford
Even with the discount, write a check, that shit bounce
But as long as we got credit, it don't matter, the amount
We just swipin' shit here, we don't love, we just likin' shit here
What's that smell? Where's your diaper shit here?
Lay on your back, don't pee right now
Or else I'll have to get you back
One day when you gon' want to get your way
Yeah I'll have fun with that
Reminisce when you came out the womb
Tears of joy I think filled up the room
You are now the reason that I fight
I ain't never did nothing this right in my whole life
Got me thinking...
You might also like
Am I worthy of this gift?
Am I strong enough to lift? (Am I strong enough to lift?)
Into a place that I can see (Into a place that I can see)
Someone more important than me? (Someone more important than me?)
Am I worthy of this gift? (Am I worthy of this gift?)
Am I strong enough to lift (Am I strong enough to lift)
Into a place that I can see (Into a place that I can see)
Someone more important than me? (Someone more important than me?)

Ib gon' ask me how I did this shit
I'm gon' do a humble stunt act like I meant this shit
That's the ego taking credit for what God made
Fuck this album shit, hey, mama, look what God made
(She's mine) Catch me, don't you
(She's mine) Catch me, don't you
(She's mine) Catch me
I've fallen in love for the first time
I wanna cry, and I ain't even tryna fight it
Don't wanna die, 'cause now you're here
And I just wanna be right by your side
On any night that you be cryin', baby
I dry your eyes, I dry your eyes

There is a God, it is a God
Yeah, it is a God
I never felt so alive
I never felt so alive
I never felt so alive
(I never felt so alive)
I never felt so alive
(I never felt so alive)
Catch me, don't you—
Catch me, don't you—
Catch me, I've fallen in love for the first time56Embed


Track: 4 Your Eyez Only

Lyrics:
365 ContributorsTranslationsJ. Cole - 4 Your Eyez Only (Tradução em Português)РусскийEspañol4 Your Eyez Only Lyrics
Yeah (For your eyes)
For your eyes only (For your eyes)
For your eyes only, for your eyes only
(For your eyes, for your eyes)
For your eyes only

Hey, niggas be dyin' on the daily
It seems my dreams faded for far too long
The consequences deadly
Can't visualize myself as nothin' but a criminal
Control the block, servin' up rocks and stay subliminal
'Cause young niggas is hardheaded, they lettin' off
Full of adrenaline, ignorant to what death can cause
Ain't no comin' back, family dressed in black
Plus it's hot now, the cops outside, it's hard to flip a pack
And my daughter gotta eat, her mama be stressin' me
Like I ain't the one who put them Js on her feet
Like I ain't out in the field like that
I might be low for the moment but I will bounce back
Despite the charges, back to the wall, I fight regardless
Screamin', "Fuck the law," my life is lawless
That's what you call it, ain't got to be no psychic
To see this is like the farthest thing from heaven
This is hell and I don't mean that hyperbolic
I try to find employment even if it's wipin' toilets
But these felonies be makin' life the hardest
Resistin' the temptation to run up and swipe a wallet
Or run up on your yard, snatch your daughter bike, and pawn it
That's why I write this sonnet
If the pressure get too much for me to take and I break
Play this tape for my daughter and let her know my life is on it
(For your eyes) Let her know my life is on it
(For your eyes) For your eyes only
You might also like
For your eyes, do you understand?
For your eyes, do you understand me?
For your eyes, do you understand?
For your eyes, do you understand me?
For your eyes, do you understand?
For your eyes, do you understand me?
For your eyes, do you understand?
For your eyes only

You prolly grown now, so this song'll hit you
If you hearin' this, unfortunately means that I'm no longer with you
In the physical, not even sure if I believe in God but because you still alive
He got me prayin' that the spiritual is real
So I can be a part of you still, my pops was killed too
So I know how part of you feels
Maybe you hate me, maybe you miss me, maybe you spite me
Life goes in cycles, maybe you'll date a nigga just like me
I hope not, I'm tired of dope spots
And fiends that smoke rocks
I've seen far too many niggas' hopes rot
I'm writin' this because me and the devil had a dance
Now I see death around the corner, 'pologizin' in advance
Don't know if I ever had a chance
At a glance, I'm a failure
Addicted to pushin' paraphernalia
But daddy had dreams once, my eyes had a gleam once
Innocence disappeared by the age of eight years
My pops shot up, drug-related, mama addicted
So Granny raised me in projects where thugs was hangin'
Blood was stainin' the concrete
Older niggas I loved, talked like they was above
Maintainin' a timesheet, that's slow money
Picked up the family business, by the age of thirteen
Six years later was handed sentence
'Round the same time is when you came in this world
Me and your mama thinkin':
"What the fuck we namin' this girl?"
I told her, "Nina," the prettiest name that I could think of (Most prettiest thing my eyes had ever seen)
For the prettiest thing my eyes had ever seen, I was nineteen
Took me two felonies to see the trap this crooked-ass system set for me
And now I fear it's too late for me to ever be
The one that set examples that was never set for me
I'm livin' fast, but not fast enough
'Cause karma keeps on catchin' up to me
And if my past becomes the death of me
I hope you understand
For your eyes, do you understand?
For your eyes, do you understand me?
For your eyes, do you understand? (Hope you understand)
For your eyes, do you understand me?
For your eyes, do you understand? (Hope you understand)
For your eyes, do you understand me?
For your eyes, do you understand?
For your eyes only

It's several ways I could've went out, too many to count
Was it the trigger-happy crackers that the badges give clout?
Was it the young niggas, blastin' frustrated 'cause the cash runnin' out?
Niggas don't know how to act in a drought
See, baby girl, I realized my definition of a real nigga was skewed
My views misshaped by new mixtapes
That confirmed the shit I learned in the streets was true
That real niggas don't speak when they beef with you
They just pull up on your street, let the heat achoo
And if a real nigga hungry, he gon' eat your food
I was a fool, spent all my time duckin' school, duckin' cops
Duckin' rules, huggin' blocks that don't love you
I pray you find a nigga with goals and point of views
Much broader than the corner, if not it's gon' corner you
Into a box, where your son don't even know his pops
And the cyclical nature of doin' time continues
My worst fear is one day that you come home from school
And see your father face while hearin' 'bout tragedy on news
I got the strangest feelin' your daddy gonna lose his life soon
And sadly if you're listenin' now it must mean it's true
But maybe there's a chance that it's not
And this album remains locked in a hard drive like valuable jewels
And I can teach you this in person like I'm teachin' you to tie your own shoes
I love you and I hope to God I don't lose you
For your eyes only
For your eyes, for your eyes only
For your eyes, for your eyes only
For your eyes, do you understand?
For your eyes only

One day your daddy called me, told me he had a funny feelin'
What he'd been dealin' with lately, he wasn't tellin'
I tried to pick his brains, still, he wasn't revealin'
But I could feel the sense of panic in his voice
And it was chillin', he said:
"Jermaine, I knew you since we was children
I never asked for nothin', when times was hard
I never had discussions with you, beggin' you to help me
I dealt with the repercussions of my actions
I know you tried to steer me 'way from that shit
But that shit was in my blood, you know my life
I know your momma, nigga, send my love
In case I never get a chance to speak again
I won't forget the weekends spent sleepin' at your crib
That's the way I wished my family lived
But my granny crib was in the 'jects"
I had to interject like:
"Nigga, what you talkin' 'bout? Fuck is you gettin' at?"
He said, "Listen, I got no time to dive into descriptions
But I been havin' premonitions
Just call it visions from the other side
I got a feelin' I won't see tomorrow
Like the time I'm livin' on is borrowed
With that said, the only thing I'm proud to say, I was a father
Write my story down, and if I pass
Go play it for my daughter when she ready"
And so I'm leavin' you this record, for your eyes only
Don't you ever scratch or disrespect it
This perspective is a real one, another lost 'Ville son
I dedicate these words to you and all the other children
Affected by the mass incarceration in this nation
That sent your pops to prison when he needed education
Sometimes I think that segregation would've done us better
Although I know that means that I would never
Be brought into this world 'cause my daddy was so thrilled
When he found him a white girl to take back to Jonesboro
With lil' Zach and Cole World, barely one years old
Now it's thirty years later, makin' sure this story's told
Girl, your daddy was a real nigga, not 'cause he was cold
Not because he was the first to get some pussy, twelve years old
Not because he used to come through in the Caddy on some vogues
Not because he went from baggin' up them grams to servin' O's
Nah, your daddy was a real nigga, not 'cause he was hard
Not because he lived a life of crime and sat behind some bars
Not because he screamed, "Fuck the law"
Although that was true
Your daddy was a real nigga 'cause he loved you
For your eyes only232Embed


Album: KOD - April 20, 2018

1. Intro (KOD)
2. KOD
3. Photograph
4. The Cut Off (Ft. ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​kiLL edward)
5. ATM
6. Motiv8
7. Kevin's Heart
8. BRACKETS
9. Once an Addict (Interlude)
10. FRIENDS (Ft. ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​kiLL edward)
11. Window Pain (Outro)
12. 1985

Track: Intro (KOD)

Lyrics:
72 ContributorsTranslationsEspañolItalianoIntro (KOD) LyricsCan someone please turn off my mind?
My thoughts are racing all the time
There is no reason or no rhyme
I'm trapped inside myself
A newborn baby has two primary modes of communication
Laughter, which says, "I love this"
Or crying, which says, "This frightens me, I'm in pain"
Life can bring much pain
There are many ways to deal with this pain
Choose wisely
At the bottom of the hourglass
Lies sand that represents the past
In which all of my demons rest
I'm calling out for help
There are many ways to deal with this pain
Choose wisely
Choose wisely, choose wisely, choose wisely, choose wisely
Choose wisely, choose wisely, choose wisely, choose wisely
Choose wisely, choose wisely, choose wisely
K-O-DYou might also like53Embed


Track: KOD

Lyrics:
235 ContributorsTranslationsEspañolItalianoKOD Lyrics
Go, go, go
Go, go, go
Go, go, go
Go, go, go

This is what you call a flip
Ten keys from a quarter brick
Bentley from his mama's whip
K.O.D., he hard as shit
This is what you call a flip
Ten keys from a quarter brick
Bentley from his mama's whip
K.O.D., he hard as shit
This is what you call a flip
Ten keys from a quarter brick
Bentley from his mama's whip
K.O.D., he hard as shit
This is what you call a flip
Ten keys from a quarter brick
Bentley from his mama's whip
K.O.D., he hard as shit

Wow, niggas been crampin' my style
Blowin' my high, they want a reply
The number one question is, "How?"
How does it feel now that you on?
How much you worth? How big is your home?
How come you won't get a few features?
I think you should? How 'bout I don't?
How 'bout you just get the fuck off my dick?
How 'bout you listen and never forget?
Only gon' say this one time, then I'll dip
Niggas ain't worthy to be on my shit
Haven't you heard? I'm as cold as the tip
Tip of the iceberg that tipped the Titanic
No tip-toein' around it, my shit is gigantic
As big as the fuckin' Atlantic, I'm lit, bitch
You might also like
This is what you call a flip
Ten keys from a quarter brick
Bentley from his mama's whip
K.O.D., he hard as shit
This is what you call a flip
Ten keys from a quarter brick
Bentley from his mama's whip
K.O.D., he hard as shit
This is what you call a flip
Ten keys from a quarter brick
Bentley from his mama's whip
K.O.D., he hard as shit
This is what you call a flip
Ten keys from a quarter brick
Bentley from his mama's whip
K.O.D., he hard as shit

How I grew up, only few would've loved
'Member I got my first view of the blood
I'm hangin' out and they shoot up the club
My homie got pharmaceutical plug
I smoke the drug and it run through my vein
I think it's workin', it's numbin' the pain
Don't give a fuck and I'm somewhat insane
Don't give a fuck and I'm somewhat insane
Yeah, at this shit daily, sipped so much Actavis
I convinced Actavis that they should pay me
If practice made perfect, I'm practice's baby
If practice made perfect, I'm practice's baby
Platinum wrist ridin' in back like Miss Daisy
Platinum disc and I own masters, bitch, pay me
Y'all niggas trappin' so lack-sical-daisy
My nigga sell crack like it's back in the '80s
Know a young nigga, he actin' so crazy
He serve a few packs and he jack a Mercedes
He shoot at the police, he clap at old ladies
He don't give a fuck if them crackers gon' hang him
Bitches been askin', "What have you done lately?"
I stacked a few M's like my last name was Shady
My life is too crazy, no actor could play me
My life is too crazy, no actor could play me
This is what you call a flip
Ten keys from a quarter brick
Bentley from his mama's whip
K.O.D., he hard as shit
This is what you call a flip
Ten keys from a quarter brick
Bentley from his mama's whip
K.O.D., he hard as shit
This is what you call a flip
Ten keys from a quarter brick
Bentley from his mama's whip
K.O.D., he hard as shit
This is what you call a flip
Ten keys from a quarter brick
Bentley from his mama's whip
K.O.D., he hard as shit

Power, greed
Money, Molly, weed
Percs, Xannys, lean, fame
And the strongest drug of them all
And the strongest drug of them all
Love151Embed


Track: Photograph

Lyrics:
136 ContributorsTranslationsEspañolTürkçeEnglishItalianoPhotograph Lyrics
Fell in love through photograph
I don't even know your name
Wonder if you'd follow back
I hope to see you one day
I won't show my niggas now
I'II keep this one for myself
Love today's gone digital
And it's messing with my health

Yeah
Damn, I love your sense of humor
You don't get caught up in rumors
You don't be talking 'bout who fuckin' who
And I notice the way you maneuver
Sexy, but never show too much
Ain't heard from you in like two months
All of a sudden, you pop on my line
You could make time, stop on a dime
I think you mastered the art of sublime
Your type is harder to find
You could turn water to wine, yeah
You could turn water to wine, yeah
I think you mastered the art of sublime
Your type is harder to find
You could turn water to wine, yeah
You could turn water to wine, feel me
You might also like
Niggas be talkin' so slick (ugh)
I'm not the nigga for lip (yeah)
Puttin' my heart in a click (yeah)
Can't see my heart, it don't fit (yeah)
Don't think I'm built for this shit (yeah)
Too busy thinking what if (yeah)
I shoot my shot and it brick (yeah)
I shoot my shot and it brick (yeah)
Niggas be talkin' so slick (yeah)
I'm not the nigga for lip (yeah)
Puttin' my heart in a click (yeah)
Can't see my heart it don't fit (yeah)
Don't think I'm built for this shit (yeah)
Too busy thinking what if (yeah)
I shoot my shot and it brick (yeah)
I shoot my shot and it brick (mmm)

Fell in love through a photograph
I don't even know your name
Wonder if you'd follow back
I hope to see you one day
I won't show my niggas now
I'II keep this one for myself
Love today's gone digital
And it's messing with my health
Yeah
Feel like I gotta say somethin'
Thought of you got my heart jumpin'
But I can't come up with nothin' (no)
But I can't come up with nothin'
I put it off for a day
I come back around your way
Searching for what I could say
That accurately could convey
The way that I feel in the word
That's different than what you done heard
So many done hit you wit game
So many been sent to the curb
And I did not come here to play
And I did not come to observe
And I did not come here to play
But I did not come to observe
Feel me

Niggas be talkin' so slick (ugh)
I'm not the nigga for lip (yeah)
Puttin' my heart in a click (yeah)
Can't see my heart, it don't fit (yeah)
Don't think I'm built for this shit (yeah)
Too busy thinking what if (yeah)
I shoot my shot and it brick (yeah)
I shoot my shot and it brick (yeah)
Niggas be talkin' so slick (yeah)
I'm not the nigga for lip (yeah)
Puttin' my heart in a click (yeah)
Can't see my heart it don't fit (yeah)
Don't think I'm built for this shit (yeah)
Too busy thinking what if (yeah)
I shoot my shot and it brick (yeah)
I shoot my shot and it brick (mmm)
Fell in love through photograph
I don't even know your name
Wonder if you'd follow back
I hope to see you one day
I won't show my niggas now
I'II keep this one for myself
Love today's gone digital
And it's messing with my health97Embed


Track: The Cut Off (Ft. ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​kiLL edward)

Lyrics:
4 ContributorsTranslationsEnglishItalianoEspañolJ. Cole - The Cut Off ft. kiLL edward (Tradução em Português) Lyrics
I know Heaven is a mind state, I've been a couple times
Stuck in my ways so I keep on falling down
Keep on fallin' down
Keep on fallin' down
I know Heaven is a mind state, I've been a couple times
Stuck in my ways so I keep on falling down
Keep on falling down
Keep on falling down
Yeah

Gimme drink, gimme smoke
Get me high, let me float
I'm a cloud, comin' down
Put me down, gentle now
Gimme drink, gimme dope
Bottom line, I can't cope
If I die, I don't know
I don't know, I don't know
Gimme drink, gimme smoke
Get me high, let me float
I'm a cloud, comin' down
Put me down, gentle now
Gimme drink, gimme dope
Bottom line, I can't cope
If I die, I don't know
I don't know, I don't know
You might also like
Yeah, I got some niggas that still owe me an apology
I'ma be the bigger man just like I always be
Eventually but right now that's hard for me
I'm dreaming violent, I can't tolerate disloyalty
So I'ma see you when I see you, know that day comin'
I pray that on that day you slip and say something
I never fantasize 'bout murder 'cause I'm still sane
But I can't seem to fight this urge to make you feel pain
I know that vengeance is the Lord's and it's not for me
I know the punishment for you is that you not with me
You place your value on the bitches that you got with me
And now the bitches ask you daily "Why you not with me?"
I had to cut some people off 'cause they was using me
My heart is big, I want to give too much and usually
I send the bread and don't hear back for like two months now
You hit my phone, you need a loan, oh I'm a crutch now
I had to learn, I never had shit
You never would split, you was hood rich
I couldn't get a dollar from you I remember that
It was blurry for a while but now it's coming back (coming back)

Time will tell who is on my side
(Time will tell just who is on my side)
I mean well but I can't stop my pride
(I mean well but I can't stop my pride)
Gimme drink, gimme smoke
Get me high, let me float
I'm a cloud, comin' down
Put me down, gentle now
Gimme drink, gimme dope
Bottom line, I can't cope
If I die, I don't know
I don't know, I don't know
Gimme drink, gimme smoke
Get me high, let me float
I'm a cloud, comin' down
Put me down, gentle now
Gimme drink, gimme dope
Bottom line, I can't cope
If I die, I don't know
I don't know, I don't know

Keep on fallin' down
Keep on fallin' down
Keep on fallin' down
I know Heaven is a mind state, I've been a couple times
Stuck in my ways so I keep on fallin' down
Keep on fallin' down, yeah
Time will tell who is on my side
(Time will tell just who is on my side)
I mean well but I can't stop my pride
(I mean well but I can't stop my pride)

Gimme drink, gimme smoke
Get me high, let me float
I'm a cloud, comin' down
Put me down, gentle now
Gimme drink, gimme dope
Bottom line, I can't cope
If I die, I don't know
I don't know, I don't know
Gimme drink, gimme smoke
Get me high, let me float
I'm a cloud, comin' down
Put me down, gentle now
Gimme drink, gimme dope
Bottom line, I can't cope
If I die, I don't know
I don't know, I don't know2Embed


Track: ATM

Lyrics:
219 ContributorsTranslationsРусскийItalianoEnglishEspañolTürkçeATM Lyrics
Life can bring much pain
There are many ways to deal with this pain
Choose wisely

Will I fall? Will I fly?
Heal my soul
Fulfill my high
Cross my heart (Count, count, count, count it)
And hope to die (Count, count, count, count it)
With my slice (Count, count, count, count it)
Of Devil's pie

Count it up, count it up, count it up, count it
Count it up, count it up, count it up, count it
Count it up, count it up, count it up, count it
Count it up, count it up, count it up, count it
Count it up, count it up, count it up, count it
Count it up, count it up, count it up, count it

I know that it's difficult
I'm stackin' this paper, it's sort of habitual
I blow the residual
And fuckin' yo bitch like its part of my ritual
Pardon the visual
But money, it give me a hard-on it's typical
I want it in physical
A million dollars, I count up in intervals
Without it I'm miserable
Don't wanna fall off so I'm all in my bag
Thankin' God like it's biblical
I know it's gon' solve every problem I have
I balled on the principal
Remember the teachers was all on my ass
Now look all of them, pitiful
And all of a sudden I'm so good at math
You might also like
Count it up, count it up, count it up, count it
Count it up, count it up, count it up, count it
Count it up, count it up, count it up, count it
Can't take it when you die, but you can't live without it
Count it up, count it up, count it up, count it
Count it up, count it up, count it up, count it
Count it up, count it up, count it up, count it
Can't take it when you die

Uno, dos, tres

Big bills, big bills
I fell in love with big wheels and quick thrills
My niggas runnin' tip drills, can't sit still
Don't give a fuck if it kills, it mix well
I'm only countin'
Big bills, big bills
I fell in love with big wheels and quick thrills
My niggas runnin' tip drills, can't sit still
Don't give a fuck if it kills, it mix well
I'm only countin'...

Uno, dos, tres, cuatro
Proceed with caution
I heard if you chase it only results in
A hole in your heart
Fuck it, I take the whole cake and I won't leave a portion
It's only an organ
Thank God mama couldn't afford the abortion
The loneliest orphan
I flip my misfortune and grow me a fortune
My Rollie is scorchin'
Them niggas that hated is slowly endorsin'
Now Cole, he important
My niggas beside me like Tommy and Martin
We ball on your court and
Then skate with your bitch like we Tonya Harding
She don't need her garments
She horny from all the money we countin'

Count it up, count it up, count it up, count it
Count it up, count it up, count it up, count it
Count it up, count it up, count it up, count it
Can't take it when you die, but you can't live without it
Count it up, count it up, count it up, count it
Count it up, count it up, count it up, count it
Count it up, count it up, count it up, count it
Can't take it when you die
Uno dos
Will I fall? Will I fly?
Heal my soul
Fulfill my high
Cross my heart
And hope to die
With my slice of Devil’s pie135Embed


Track: Motiv8

Lyrics:
124 ContributorsTranslationsEnglishItalianoEspañolMotiv8 Lyrics
You really wanna know who Superman is?
Watch this, pow!
I like him
I think he's pretty cool
He's my idol

I can't have no sympathy for fuck niggas
All this shit I've seen done made my blood thicker
Spill promethazine inside a double cup
Double up my cream, now that's a Double Stuff, yeah
Please don't hit my phone if it ain't 'bout no commas
Keep the peace like Dalai Lama, big body Hummers
Backin' out the parkin' spot and though the law be on him
He exempt, Shawn Kemp, he keep that .40 on him
Go!

Motivate (motivate), motivate (motivate)
Motivate (motivate), motivate (mo-)
Motivate (motivate), motivate (motivate)
Motivate (motivate), moti-get money
Motivate (motivate), motivate (motivate)
Motivate (motivate), motivate (mo-)
Motivate (motivate), motivate (motivate)
Motivate (motivate), moti-get money
You might also like
Too many times I swallowed my pride
(Get money)
I'm crackin' a smile, I'm dyin' inside
My demons are close, I'm tryin' to hide
I'm poppin' a pill, I'm feelin' alive
I'm feelin' alive, I'm feelin' alive
I'm feelin' alive, I'm feelin' alive
I'm feelin' alive, I'm feelin' alive
I'm feelin' alive, I'm feelin' alive
I'm

Woah, suddenly, I feel like takin' a PJ
(Get money)
Fly to D.R. on a weekday, eatin' ceviche
With like half of a mili' inside of my briefcase
A couple of freaks play
And they don't speak inglés
But the money is somethin' that they could comprende
And I got bread like I'm Green Day
(Get money)
I come around and their heads turn
Used to like bitches with hair permed
Now I like it "natural, actual, factual"
Naps and shit, bougie, still do ratchet shit
Not afraid to pass the clip
Before I make the ratchet spit, blaow!
Motivate (motivate), motivate (motivate)
(Get money)
Motivate (motivate), motivate (mo-)
Motivate (motivate), motivate (motivate)
Motivate (motivate), moti-get money
Motivate (motivate), motivate (motivate)
(Get money)
Motivate (motivate), motivate (mo-)
Motivate (motivate), motivate (motivate)
Motivate (motivate), moti-get money

Too many times I swallowed my pride
(Get money)
I'm crackin' a smile, I'm dyin' inside
My demons are close, I'm tryin' to hide
I'm poppin' a pill, I'm feelin' alive
I'm feelin' alive, I'm feelin' alive
I'm feelin' alive, I'm feelin' alive
I'm feelin' alive, I'm feelin' alive
I'm feelin' alive, I'm feelin' alive
I'm

Get money
Get money88Embed


Track: Kevin's Heart

Lyrics:
241 ContributorsTranslationsEspañolKevin’s Heart Lyrics
She my number one, I don't need nothing on the side
Said that I was done for good and don't want no more lies
But my phone be blowing up, temptations on my line
I stare at the screen a while before I press decline
But she plants a seed and it still lingers in my mind
Told myself I'm strong enough to shake it and I'm trying
But I'm only human, I know loving you's a crime
If I take this cookie now one day I'll do the time

Slip me a xanny at once (somebody)
I got the earth in a blunt (smoke)
I get the skirt when I want (skrrt!)
I get to skrrt when I want (skrrt!)
Due to the money aroma (somebody)
My girl she got a diploma (smoke)
She got wife written all over
She got wife written all over

All a nigga know is how to fuck a good thing up
Run from the pain, sip lean, smoke tree up
When I'm in your town press pound hit me up
When I'm in your town press pound hit me up
Only if you down and you slurp good D up
If the work good I'll be back for the re-up
Hate when I creep and the phone wake me up
Fake like I'm sleep knowing damn well I be up
Monkey on my back and I walk a hundred miles
Guilt make a nigga feel fake when he smile
Love get confused in the mind of a child
'Cause love wouldn't lie like I lie and it's wild
Wanna have my cake and another cake too
Even if the baker don't bake like you
Even when the flavor don't taste like you
So I'm back mobbing with the late night crew
All in your mind with fears that would come true
The back of my mind, the back of my mind was you
Wishing that I could blind myself from view
And only have eyes, and only have eyes for you
You might also like
Slip me a xanny at once (somebody)
I got the earth in a blunt (smoke)
I get the skirt when I want (skrrt!)
I get the skirt when I want (skrrt!)
Due to the money aroma (somebody)
My girl she got a diploma (smoke)
She got wife written all over
She got wife written all over

I'm a fake nigga and it's never been clearer
Can't see myself when I look in the mirror
Can't see myself when I look in the mirror
Can't see myself when I look in the mirror
I'm a fake nigga and it's never been clearer
Can't see myself when I look in the mirror
Can't see myself when I look in the mirror
Can't see myself when I look in the mirror

She my number one I don't need nothing on the side
Said that I was done for good and don't want no more lies
But my phone be blowing up, temptations on my line
I stare at the screen a while before I press decline
But she plants a seed and it still lingers in my mind
Told myself I'm strong enough to shake it and I'm trying
But I'm only human, I know loving you's a crime
If I take this cookie now one day I'll do the time
I love her, I don't want to lose her
I'm selfish, I know that I use her
My ego get stroked and I bruise her
My ego get stroked and I bruise her
My actions I know they confusin'
At home I look happy as usual
On the road I'm a mack, I'm a chooser
I'm a addict, I'm maskin' that
Kevin's Heart

They tell me "What's done in the dark
Will find a way to shine"
I done did so much that when you see you might go blind
What's done in the dark will always find a way to shine
I done did so much that when you see you might go blind162Embed


Track: BRACKETS

Lyrics:
212 ContributorsTranslationsEspañolItalianoBRACKETS Lyrics
Lotta shit happens, like, being in show business
A lot of shit happens, like, like, I make a lot of money, you know
And I'm really happy about it
And I'm not bragging, I just wanna say something
I make a so—fuck, it's ridiculous
But wait, wait a minute, wait a minute
Hey, if my father was alive today, I would go home and say
"Dad, I wanna tell you how much money I made"
You know what he'd say? "You's a lying motherfucker
Joe Louis didn't make that much money
Come in here, get your ass out the house
Coming here with that bullshit," hah

Niggas hating on me, I ain't used to that
Know a couple people wanna shoot for that
I say "No, no, no, chill, it ain't no need for that"
Them niggas tryna blow and ain't need me for that
And if it work for them, well shit, I'm cool with that
'Cause how they feel, I ain't got shit to do with that
I just sit back on cool and watch my paper stack
And trip off how much bread them crackers take from that
(Whoa whoa whoa whoa, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
(Whoa whoa whoa whoa, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
(Whoa whoa whoa whoa, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
(Whoa whoa whoa whoa, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
You might also like
It's been a long time since I have felt this way
About something but now, but now
I'm controlling my mind, the days are warm
The nights are cold, the lost is found, I'm found
Lord knows I need something to fill this void
Lord knows I need something to fill this void
Lord knows I need something to fill this void
Lord knows I need something to fill this void

Hell yeah boy, I'm a goddamn millionaire now
Hell yeah, nigga, they can't tell me shit now, bro, hell no, fuck that
Bitch, got my first motherfuckin' million dollar check nigga
I'm goddamn lit boy, you crazy as hell
Hold up, it's my phone real quick, it's my Unc'
Uncle Sam and shit
"What's up Unc'? Yup. Hey, I told you that check was coming in, I gotchu when it came in. Goddamn, I'm a man of my word. Goddamn, I told you I'ma have it, and goddamn, I'ma have it for you. Hell, shit, damn right. Now, how much was it though? Uh huh. Huh? Half? Half nigga? You crazy, boy, you crazy. Bitch, you crazy as fuck. Bitch, bitch, you better suck half my dick!

Yeah, I pay taxes, so much taxes, shit don't make sense
Where do my dollars go? You see lately, I ain't been convinced
I guess they say my dollars supposed to build roads and schools
But my niggas barely graduate, they ain't got the tools
Maybe 'cause the tax dollars that I make sure I send
Get spent hirin' some teachers that don't look like them
And the curriculum be tricking them, them dollars I spend
Got us learning about the heroes with the whitest of skin
One thing about the men that's controlling the pen
That write history, they always seem to white-out they sins
Maybe we'll never see a black man in the White House again
I'll write a check to the IRS, my pockets get slim
Damn, do I even have a say 'bout where it's goin'?
Some older nigga told me to start votin'
I said "Democracy is too fuckin' slow"
If I'm givin' y'all this hard-earned bread, I wanna know
Better yet, let me decide, bitch, it's 2018
Let me pick the things I'm funding from an app on my screen
Better that than letting wack congressman I've never seen
Dictate where my money go, straight into the palms of some Money-hungry company that make guns that circulate the country And then wind up in my hood, making bloody clothes
Stray bullet hit a young boy with a snotty nose
From the concrete, he was prolly rose
Now his body froze and nobody knows what to tell his mother
He did good at the white man schools unlike his brother
Who was lost in the streets all day, not using rubbers
So right now, he got two on the way
Still sleep on covers in his mama house
She can't take this shit no more, she want him out
On the morning of the funeral, just as she's walking out
Wiping tears away, grabbing her keys and sunglasses
She remember that she gotta file her taxes, damn
(Whoa whoa whoa whoa, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
(Whoa whoa whoa whoa, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
(Whoa whoa whoa whoa, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
(Whoa whoa whoa whoa, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)96Embed


Track: Once an Addict (Interlude)

Lyrics:
151 ContributorsTranslationsEnglishEspañolOnce an Addict (Interlude) Lyrics
Right, right, right, right
Something's got a hold on me
Right, right, right, right
Sometimes I think pain is just a lack of understanding
If we could only understand it all, would we feel no pain?
God must feel no pain
Something's got a hold on me
Only joy
Does this mean even our suffering pleases him?

Lost in a cloud of marijuana
Young Carolina nigga, fish out of water
Step-daddy just had a daughter with another woman
Mama ain't recover yet
Callin' me at 12 at night
She drunk as fuck and I'm upset
'Cause why she always using me for crutch?
Growin' up I used to always see her up
Late as shit, cigarette smoke and greatest hits from Marvin Gaye
She kill a whole bottle of some cheap chardonnay
I gotta leave this house 'cause part of me dies when I see her like this
Too young to deal with pain
I'd rather run the streets than see her kill herself
So 'Ville became my escape from a feelin' I hate
Mama cursing me out
Depression's such a villainous state
I used to stay out later on purpose
Subconsciously I was nervous that if I came home early then what would surface was her inner demons
And then I'd have to end up seein' my hero on ground zero
Tears flow while Al Green blow
Love and happiness
I wish that I could say the right words to cheer her up
I wish her son's love was enough
I tell her, "Mama, go to sleep"
She tell me "Boy, hush. You better pray to God you never get your heart crushed"
I shake my head in frustration
Head to my room and I can still hear the tunes with my door shut
Fuck it though, a couple more months I'll be gone
Off to college and dorms
Foolin' myself, thinkin' problems are gone
But now it's 1 AM and my mama dialin' my phone
I know she intoxicated and soon this high that I'm on comes crashin' down
She lit, talkin' drunk shit, I'm pissed
But I'm still all ears like Basset Hounds
Thinkin' to myself, "Maybe my mama need help
Don't she got work in the morning?
Why she do this to herself?
Hate how she slurrin' her words
Soundin' so fuckin' absurd
This ain't the woman I know, why I just sit and observe?
Why don't I say how I feel?
When I do, she's defensive for real
Well maybe things get better with time, I heard it heals
Little did I know how deep her sadness would go
Lookin' back, I wish I woulda did more instead of runnin'
You might also like
Something's got a hold on me
I can't let it go
Out of fear I won't be free
Something's got a hold on me
I can't let it go
Out of fear I won't be—
No!
Something's got a hold on me
I can't let it go
Right
Life can bring much pain
There are many ways to deal with this pain (right)
Choose wisely (right)85Embed


Track: FRIENDS (Ft. ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​kiLL edward)

Lyrics:
5 ContributorsTranslationsEnglishEspañolJ. Cole - FRIENDS ft. kiLL edward (Tradução em Português) Lyrics
Cop another bag and smoke today
Cop another bag and smoke today
Cop another bag and smoke today
Cop another bag and smoke today
Cop another bag and smoke today
Cop another bag and smoke today
Cop another bag and smoke today
Cop another bag and smoke today

I got thoughts, can't control
Got me down, got me low
Rest my mind, rest my soul
When I blow, when I blow
Am I wrong, let them know
Feels so right to let things go
Don't think twice, this is me
This is how I should be

But I'm aggravated without it
My saddest days are without it
My Saturdays are the loudest
I'm blowing strong
Some niggas graduated to powder
I dabble later, I doubt it
My database of narcotics
It's growing long
But I'm aggravated without it
My saddest days are without it
My Saturdays are the loudest
I'm blowing strong
Some niggas graduated to powder
I dabble later, I doubt it
My database of narcotics
It's growing long
You might also like
I wrote this shit to talk about the word addiction
To my niggas --- I hope you listening
--- and ---, I hope you listening
This is for the whole fucking Ville, I hope you're listening
Smoking medical grade, but I ain't got prescription
All the way in Cali where they ain't got precipi-
-tation, feeling like the only one that made it
And I hate it for my niggas 'cause they ain't got ambition
Fuck did you expect, you can blame it on condition
Blame it on crack, you can blame it on the system
Blame it on the fact that 12 got jurisdiction
To ride around in neighborhoods that they ain't ever lived in
Blame it on the strain that you feel when daddy missing
Blame it on Trump shit, blame it on Clinton
Blame it on trap music and the politicians
Or the fact that every black boy wanna be Pippen
But they only got twelve slots on the Pistons
Blame it on the rain, Milli Vanilli with the disk skip
What I'm tryna say is the blame can go deep as seas
Just to blame 'em all I would need like twenty CD's
There's all sorts of trauma from drama that children see
Type of shit that normally would call for therapy
But you know just how it go in our community
Keep that shit inside it don't matter how hard it be
Fast forward, them kids is grown and they blowing trees
And popping pills due to chronic anxiety
I been saw the problem but stay silent 'cause I ain't Jesus
This ain't no trial if you desire go higher please
But fuck that now I'm older I love you 'cause you my friend
Without the drugs I want you be comfortable in your skin
I know you so I know you still keep a lot of shit in
You running from yourself and you buying product again
I know you say it helps and no I'm not trying to offend
But I know depression and drug addiction don't blend
Reality distorts and then you get lost in the wind
And I done seen the combo take niggas off the deep end
One thing about your demons they bound to catch up one day
I'd rather see you stand up and face them than run away
I understand this message is not the coolest to say
But if you down to try it I know of a better way
Meditate
Meditate, meditate, meditate, meditate
Don't medicate, medicate, don't medicate, medicate
Meditate, meditate, meditate, meditate
Don't medicate, medicate, don't medicate, medicate

I got thoughts, can't control
Got me down, got me low
Rest my mind, rest my soul
When I blow, when I blow
Am I wrong, let them know
Feels so right to let things go
Don't think twice, this is me
This is how I should be

Cop another bag of smoke today
Cop another bag of smoke today
Cop another bag of smoke today
Cop another bag of smoke today
Cop another bag of smoke today
Cop another bag of smoke today
Cop another bag of smoke today
Cop another bag of smoke today1Embed


Track: Window Pain (Outro)

Lyrics:
181 ContributorsTranslationsEspañolWindow Pain (Outro) Lyrics
One night
When me and my mom was about to go to bed
All the doors was locked
Then when I had fell asleep
My mom had heard three gun shots
It was to my cousin, his name was Rod
The one that came to pick me up
He had been shot right through the face, right in the neck
And he got shot right in the stomach

I put my hand to the sky, I sing
Grateful for the blessings you bring
Thank you for the ones I love
Forgive me for the times I was
Down and confused, I know
What I reap is what I will sow
Once again I find myself
Back with you from my hell
All I ever wanted was to hear them bitches holler back
Get some money plus respect and now look, I got all of that
All I wanna do is see my granny on the other side
All I wanna do is kill the man that made my momma cry
All I wanna do is touch a platinum plaque and celebrate
All I wanna do is keep my niggas out the yellow tape
All I wanna do is see my granny on the other side
All I wanna do is kill the man that made my momma cry
You might also like
Right now I'm starin' out the window of my Range and contemplating, am I sane?
Have I sacrificed for fame?
My occupation's on my brain
Thought that I could change it all if I had change
But the niggas that I came up with way back is still the same
I be tryna give 'em game like Santa did when Christmas came
They be listenin' but it's clear to me they did not hear a thing
It go in one ear and out the other like a bullet out the muzzle of a pistol shot by brothers standin' point-blank range
Niggas bang in the Ville, I always thought that shit was strange
How you claim blood or cuz when that was just a LA thing?
I don't mean no disrespect towards your set, no, I'm just sayin'
That it seem like for acceptance niggas will do anything
Niggas will rep any gang, niggas will bust any head
Niggas will risk everything, point him out and then he dead
Shootin' up where his granny live, "blaow, blaow!", his granny duck
He don't give a fuck, he's on Henny and Xanny'd up
Blowin' Tammy up, bitch, when you gon' give them panties up?
He gon' plant a seed, but best believe he ain't man enough
Just because yo' dick can spray semen, it don't mean that you ready to let go of yo' childish ways
The results are deadly
Because that child will suffer and that's what can most affect me
The little girl I met this past summer said, "Don't forget me"
I won't forget you, how could I with all you went through?
A bullet hit yo' cousin in Temple while he was with you
And while you was talkin', I was tearin' up, where's the tissue?
If you was my sister then I would kiss you and tell you that I'm sorry for the pain you had to live through
I know I'm blessed because yo' stress is realer than anything I done been through
I put my hand to the sky, I sing
Grateful for the blessings you bring
Thank you for the ones I love
Forgive me for the times I was
Down and confused, I know
What I reap is what I will sow
Once again I find myself
Back with you from my hell
All I ever wanted was to hear them bitches holler back
Get some money plus respect and now look, I got all of that
All I wanna do is see my granny on the other side
All I wanna do is kill the man that made my momma cry
All I wanna do is touch a platinum plaque and celebrate
All I wanna do is keep my niggas out the yellow tape
All I wanna do is see my granny on the other side
All I wanna do is kill the man that made my momma cry
It's not that big
Well at least, um
God had saved him 'cause he still alive
So why do y'all think that bad stuff happen?
Like why can't the world just be all nice things?
Because God is tryna, um
Warn-warn us or teach us a lesson that we need to learn
Or He's tryna warn us of He's comin' back to, um, see us and take us home and redo the world
He's comin' back to, um, have us be His children and for us to see Him for the first time so we can rejoice with Him and have our time
And after we do that, He's gonna restart the world
K.O.D
Choose wisely!95Embed


Track: 1985

Lyrics:
314 ContributorsTranslationsTürkçeEspañolEnglish1985 Lyrics1985, I arrived
33 years, damn, I'm grateful I survived
We wasn't s'posed to get past 25
Joke's on you motherfucker, we alive
All these niggas popping now is young
Everybody say the music that they make is dumb
I remember I was 18
Money, pussy, parties, I was on the same thing
You gotta give a boy a chance to grow some
Everybody talkin' like they know somethin' these days
Niggas actin' woke, but they broke, umm
I respect the struggle but you all frontin' these days
Man, they barely old enough to drive
To tell them what they should do, who the fuck am I?
I heard one of 'em dissed me, I'm surprised
I ain't trippin', listen good to my reply
Come here lil' man, let me talk with ya
See if I can paint for you the large picture
Congrats 'cause you made it out your mama house
I hope you make enough to buy your mom a house
I see your watch icy and your whip foreign
I got some good advice, never quit tourin'
'Cause that's the way we eat here in this rap game
I'm fuckin' with your funky lil' rap name
I hear your music and I know that rap's changed
A bunch of folks would say that that's a bad thing
'Cause everything's commercial and it's pop now
Trap drums is the shit that's hot now
See, I've been on a quest for the next wave
But never mind, that was just a segue
I must say, by your songs I'm unimpressed, hey
But I love to see a Black man get paid
And plus, you havin' fun and I respect that
But have you ever thought about your impact?
These white kids love that you don't give a fuck
'Cause that's exactly what's expected when your skin black
They wanna see you dab, they wanna see you pop a pill
They wanna see you tatted from your face to your heels
And somewhere deep down, fuck it, I gotta keep it real
They wanna be black and think your song is how it feels
So when you turn up, you see them turnin' up too
You hit the next city, collect your money when it's due
You gettin' that paper, swimmin' in bitches, I don't blame you
You ain't thinkin' 'bout the people that's lookin' like me and you
True, you got better shit to do
You coulda bought a crib with all that bread that you done blew
I know you think this type of revenue is never endin'
But I wanna take a minute just to tell you that ain't true
One day, them kids that's listening gon' grow up
And get too old for that shit that made you blow up
Now your show's lookin' light cause they don't show up
Which unfortunately means the money slow up
Now you scramblin' and hopin' to get hot again
But you forgot you only popped 'cause you was ridin' trends
Now you old news and you goin' through regrets
'Cause you never bought that house, but you got a Benz
And a bunch of jewels and a bunch of shoes
And a bunch of fake friends, I ain't judgin' you
I'm just tellin' you what's probably gon' happen when you rappin'
'Bout the type of shit you rappin' 'bout
It's a faster route to the bottom
I wish you good luck
I'm hoping for your sake that you ain't dumb as you look
But if it's really true what people sayin'
And you call yourself playin' with my name
Then I really know you fucked, trust
I'll be around forever 'cause my skills is tip-top
To any amateur niggas that wanna get rocked
Just remember what I told you when your shit flop
In five years, you gon' be on Love & Hip-Hop, niggaYou might also like241Embed


Album: Lewis Street - July 22, 2020

1. ​t h e . c l i m b . b a c k
2. Lion King on Ice

Track: ​t h e . c l i m b . b a c k

Lyrics:
243 ContributorsTranslationsРусскийPortuguês​t h e . c l i m b . b a c k Lyrics
Are you doin' this work to facilitate growth or to become famous?
Which is more important?
Getting or letting go?
You can do anything, anything you can do (You can do anything)
You can do anything, anything you can do (You can do anything)

Everything come back around full circle
Why do lies sound pleasant, but the truth hurtful?
Everybody gotta cry once in a while
But how long will it take 'fore you smile?
This is that come-back-to-life shit
My niggas pick me up and we gon' light the city up as if the sun had the night shift
And paint the town red for my nigga found dead too soon

Yeah
To the left of that decimal, I need seven figures to play the joint
Turn up your decibels, peep how I decimate a joint
Check out my projects like them workers that Section 8 appoints
And you'll see how I flipped like exclamation points
My niggas shoot first as if they never played the point, more two guards
Enough straps to fill four U-Hauls
More death than World War II caused
Around these parts we pour the brown just to drown these thoughts
Of black corpses in county morgues, Lord, those images hauntin'
I ain't been asleep yet, it's ten in the mornin'
I'm sendin' a warnin', a problem with me is like the BET Hip-Hop Awards
I'm startin' to see you niggas don't want it
I'm sick of this flauntin', from niggas I know for sure ain't got mo' dough than Cole
Trash rappers, ass backwards, tryna go toe-to-toe
We laugh at ya, staff strapped up on top the totem pole to blast at ya
Bassmasters, look how they tote a pole
Gotta know the ropes and the protocol
Or they gon' for sure blow your clothes half off like a promo code
Made a lil' tune called "Foldin Clothes," and a nigga still ain't known to fold under pressure
Well, you know what Cole do
Make a diamond, they just rhymin', me, I'm quotin' gold
One phone call get you canceled like a homophobe in this PC culture
Address me as the G.O.A.T. like they call Chief Keef Sosa
In my sectional like a fuckin' three-piece sofa
I'm known as the chosen one
Another dead body lay frozen, that's how it go sometimes
When niggas weighin' coke and not the pros and cons
Well, I ain't with that sleepin' underground like a gopher, so I go for mines
You might also like
Everything come back around full circle (Nigga, gotta go for mines)
Why do lies sound pleasant, but the truth hurtful? (Yeah)
Everybody gotta cry once in a while
But how long will it take 'fore you smile?
This is that come-back-to-life shit
My niggas pick me up and we gon' light the city up as if the sun had the night shift
And paint the town red for my nigga found dead too soon
Now I know why they call it blue m— (Yeah)

Survival at all costs, every day, niggas get logged off
Bodies get hauled off
Passin' a funeral procession while holdin' my breath in the car, I thought
At times, it be feelin' the devil be winnin' but do that mean God lost?
Just got off the phone, my nigga, he back in the kennel, my dog lost
I brought him 'round close to me before but he
Became addicted to clout and all the hoes we'd meet
I slowly peeped jealousy on his breath whenever he spoke to me
Like on the low, he feelin' that in my shoes is where he supposed to be
I tried to ignore the signs, but they're in the back of my mind
It felt like lettin' a nigga come sleep on your couch and he eatin' up all yo' groceries
My nigga repeated this quote to me, I felt its potency
Said, "Most of these niggas gon' hang they selves, just give 'em the rope and see"
Shit, I heeded that, and what got showed to me
Was screamin' that, some niggas, you gotta leave 'em back
Unfortunately we seen the trap
Niggas be on that demon clock resultantly
They fiend to clap as often as the Genius app misquotin' me, uh
Meanwhile, I see that yo' diamonds is glistenin'
I'm glad that you shinin', but need I remind you my niggas is dimin' and nickelin'?
Scrapin' up whatever coin they can find, the pettiest crime, they committin' it
Just to get by for a limited time, the steepest of mountains, they tryin' to climb
I'm here tryna find the derivative, you niggas don't feel me
You see the clout, you don't see the real me
If I was sick, you niggas wouldn't heal me
Therefore I'm healin' myself, gettin' in tune with my God
Slowly revealin' myself, buildin' my wealth
A nigga touch mine, I'ma kill 'em myself, trust me
Everything come back around full circle
Why do lies sound pleasant, but the truth hurtful?
Everybody gotta cry once in a while
But how long will it take 'fore you smile?
This is that come-back-to-life shit
My niggas pick me up and we gon' light the city up as if the sun had the night shift
And paint the town red for my nigga found dead too soon
Now I know why they call it blue m— (Yeah)

Bitch, I'm back outside, nigga
I'm back outside
I'm back outside
I'm back outside
Everybody mentions suicide prevention
Man, they even made a hotline
To call up when there's tension, but I got a question
What about a fuckin' homicide?
Need a number for my niggas to call
Whenever there's a urge to get triggers involved
Need a number for my niggas to call
Whenever there's a urge to get triggers involved236Embed


Track: Lion King on Ice

Lyrics:
149 ContributorsLion King on Ice Lyrics
Your every kiss, your every touch

I got blood on my hands, I ain't gon' lie
I got mud on my shoes, I ain't gon' lie
I got real, real big plans, I ain't gon' lie
Got a whole lot to prove, I ain't gon' lie
I got blood on my hands, I ain't gon' lie
I got mud on my shoes, I ain't gon' lie
I got real, real big plans, I ain't gon' lie
Got a whole lot to prove, uh

Sip from the bottle for shit that we bottlin' in
Goin' live, but we not on the 'Gram
This the land of supply and demand
Where my young niggas choppin' up grams
And them choppers won't pry from they hands
Packin' lead like they got a exam
If it's beef, my niggas look just like homewreckers
They got they eye on your mans
I pray to God that it jam
Too many done died in these parts
So we gotta be smart if we tryna see August
Some niggas won't make it past summer regardless
I'm tryin' my hardest to stack my deposits
These niggas be lookin' at me like I got it
Deep down inside, though, I still feel as broke
As that nigga who just graduated from college
Scrapin' up change that got left in my pockets
I'm tryna make nickels turn into a dollar
Ridin' the train, way too shy to go holler
Just watched her get off at her stop, I'm a coward
Fuck it, though, you got a way bigger target
I'ma do it so big, they won't know what to call it
Sound like a whole Lambo' truck in my stomach
Bitch, I ain't hungry, this feeling is starving
Gotta move mama from out them apartments
Gotta put 'Ville on the map, we forgotten
Gotta hit hoes you hang up in your locker
Gotta get rich, 'cause my granny picked cotton
Gotta make hits, 'cause if not, then I'm floppin'
Gotta stay me in the process
Niggas dissed me, it was nonsense
I sat 'em down like his father
My nigga asked, "Why you bother?
We should've caught him and mobbed him"
I said, "We gotta move smarter"
Don't wan' be the reason for one more sad song
I tried to warn niggas they wouldn't last long
I hope that you see how they came and they went
They shots never hit, but they made they attempts
May have a good year like that name on the blimp
But you know what it takes to be poppin' this long?
Dedication on another level niggas never seen in they life
Celebratin' all your first downs like they touchdowns bring a price
Young Simba had the bustdown, yeah, the Lion King on ice
Niggas wanted me to look the part, had to stop takin' advice
Put the jewelry to the side, had to find me, had to find God
Half the time, we be pacifyin', what they expect from us?
But that's treacherous, that shows less of us
I need y'all to see every part of me
Every scar and every artery
Every story that I can recall, then I can fall
You might also like
I got blood on my hands, I ain't gon' lie
I got mud on my shoes, I ain't gon' lie
I got real, real big plans, I ain't gon' lie
Got a whole lot to prove, I ain't gon' lie
I got blood on my hands, I ain't gon' lie
I got mud on my shoes, I ain't gon' lie
I got real, real big plans, I ain't gon' lie
Got a whole lot to prove, I ain't gon' lie (Uh)

Lately, I reflect on the times a nigga was low
I got it up off the floor, I'm stronger than ever before
I'm stronger than ever before just like I planned to be
They wanna see me fold, it ain't no thang to me
Thoughts when I was broke, if only I could be
Pockets holdin' hope, it ain't no thang to me
At night, I hit my knees, I prayed for better days
Then found a better me, I got my head on straight

Up, up, and away, just ridin' my wave, I ain't never gon' say nothin'
Nigga throw a shot my way, I just jot down names, ain't never gon' say nothin'
Know you be stressin', hate only block your blessin', I'm never gon' say nothin'
Quit all that flexin', niggas live check to check, I'm never gon' say nothin'
Know that it's destined83Embed


Album: The Off-Season - May 14, 2021

1. 9 5 . s o u t h
2. ​​a m a r i
3. ​​m y . l i f e by J. Cole, 21 Savage & Morray
4. ​​a p p l y i n g . p r e s s u r e
5. ​​p u n c h i n ’ . t h e . c l o c k
6. 1 0 0 . m i l ’ by J. Cole & Bas
7. ​​p r i d e . i s . t h e . d e v i l by J. Cole & Lil Baby
8. ​l e t . g o . m y . h a n d by J. Cole, Bas & 6LACK
9. ​i n t e r l u d e
10. ​t h e . c l i m b . b a c k
11. ​​c l o s e
12. ​h u n g e r . o n . h i l l s i d e by J. Cole & Bas

Track: 9 5 . s o u t h

Lyrics:
198 ContributorsTranslationsEspañolРусскийPortuguêsItaliano9 5 . s o u t h Lyrics
Killa, it's The Off-Season
Let's keep it tall, y'all ain't fuckin' with my man
And don't check your watch, you know the time
Cole World, Killa Cam', niggas is fuckin' finished (Yeah)

This shit too easy for me now
Nigga, Cole been goin' plat' since back when CDs was around
What you sold, I tripled that, I can't believe these fuckin' clowns
Look how everybody clappin' when your thirty-song album do a measly hundred thou'
If I'm bettin' on myself, then I completely double down
If you hated on a nigga, please don't greet me with a pound
I be stayin' out the way, but if the beef do come around
Could put a M right on your head, you Luigi brother now
Trace my steps all in this game, you could see we cover ground
Back and forth from NC to New York when Jeezy had the crown
Vivid memories, niggas start to squeeze, we duckin' down
So many shells left on the ground, it make the Easter Bunny proud
I get up, dust my clothes off, sleep is the cousin of death
No plans to doze off, the streets, it don't come with a ref'
I never sold soft, just creeped where the hustlers crept
And got they O's off, you reach, niggas uppin' like Steph
To blow your nose off, gesundheit, and then resume flight
As if it never happened, shit we witnessed full of so much sickness
Angels sheddin' tears in Heaven, word to Eric Clapton
Off this clever rappin', bitch, my pockets gon' forever fatten
You might also like
They gon' forever fatten
See, we tried to tell niggas
They act like they don't even fuckin' speak English

Bitch, my pen to the paper's lethal
I'm sendin' 'em straight to meet the
The nigga that made them, peep the reaper
Creepin' on ya, the scent of failure reekin' on ya
Check your genitalia, pussy-niggas bleedin' on yourself
Fuckin' with Cole is bold, but it's impedin' on your health
All yo' niggas eatin' off your wealth
All my niggas feedin' all they selves, and it feels swell
Krispy Kreme dreams, sometime my dawgs wanna kill 12 (Uh)
'Cause they steady harassin'
We seen dilemmas like Nelly and Kelly that end in the deadliest fashion
My young niggas nutty, they blastin'
Bullets be hummin' like Cudi but one of yo' hoodies Spaghetti-O splashin'
All over the driveway, y'all talkin' all sideways
Shots poppin' off, y'all laid down
Cops chalkin' off y'all legs now
(Shit) God watchin', "Hey, Yahweh"
My niggas looked up to the sky like we sendin' 'em y'all way (Y'all way)
We sendin' 'em y'all way (Y'all way)
That's what the fuck I'm talkin' 'bout
Y'all see what the fuck goin' on out here (Killa, Harlem)
I-95 shit, Carolina, 2-6, stand up, nigga
Put your hood up
Put your hood up
Put your hood up
Put your hood up
Put your clique up
Put your clique up
Put your clique up
Put your clique up
Represent your shit, motherfucker
Represent your shit, motherfucker
Represent your clique, motherfucker
Represent your clique, motherfucker
If you scared to throw it up, get the fuck out the club
If you scared to throw it up, get the fuck out the club132Embed


Track: ​​a m a r i

Lyrics:
282 ContributorsTranslationsРусскийPortuguês​​a m a r i Lyrics
Bada-ba, bada-ba
Bada-ba, da-da
Off-Season
Let's work, hey

Plottin' my escape, this game rot a nigga's faith
Got a couple M's hidin' in the safe
Imagination turned a Honda into Wraith
I was doin' eighty on the interstate
Tryna make it back before my class started
Country nigga never seen a passport
'Til I popped off and got a bag for it
Now I'm at the Garden sittin' half court
Watchin' Jr. catch it off the backboard
'Ville nigga never seen nothing
'Cept a fucking triple beam jumping
Good dope leave a fiend krumping
Made it out, it gotta mean something

Either you gon' hustle or that nigga Uncle Sam got yo' ass re-enlisting
2-6, murder scene pumping
Better leave it tucked if you ain't dumping
Pow, pow, nigga, he slumping
Twelve comin', we ain't seen nothing
Time change, niggas ain't rumbling no more
Nah, what for? Hungry for more
If you solo these vocals, listen close and you can hear grumbling
Multi' and I'm still munching
Big bag, never fear fumbling
Want smoke? Nigga don't choke
I'm a whole fuckin' nicotine company
Dreamville the Army, not a Navy
How could you ever try to play me?
Kill 'em on a song, walk up out the booth, do the Westbrook rock-a-baby
I never fall out with the bro
Hate when your family turn into foe
We had a penthouse on the road
Interior decorated with the hoes
Just like a multiple-choice getting chose
My niggas like "Eenie, meenie, miney, moe"
Scoop up a dime-piece like we homeless
Then we gon' send 'em back pigeon-toed
Out of the concrete was a rose and winters was cold
Had to go over and stand by the stove
We from the Southeast, niggas know
This where the opps creep real slow
Won't vote but they mob deep with the poles
I punch the time sheet, not no more
And now my assigned seat is the throne
You might also like
Plottin' my escape, this game rot a nigga's faith
Got a couple M's hidin' in the safe
Imagination turned a Honda into Wraith
I was doin' eighty on the interstate
Tryna make it back before my class started
Country nigga never seen a passport
'Til I popped off and got a bag for it
Now I'm at the Garden sittin' half court
Watchin' Jr. catch it off the backboard
'Ville nigga never seen nothing
'Cept a fucking triple beam jumping
Good dope leave a fiend krumping
Made it out, it gotta mean something
Made it out, it gotta mean something
Made it out, it gotta mean something

Bada-ba, bada-ba, bada-ba, ah-ah162Embed


Track: ​​m y . l i f e by J. Cole, 21 Savage & Morray

Lyrics:
262 ContributorsTranslationsРусскийPortuguêsDeutschItaliano​​m y . l i f e Lyrics
Oh, you came there, God
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Oh, Lord
No matter how, no matter how long it take, yeah
No matter how long it take, nigga
Oh, God, yeah
You better be

Spiralin' up, just like a rich nigga staircase (Spiral up)
No fly zone, please stay the fuck out my airspace (Out my face)
Niggas say things behind backs that they wouldn't dare say (Dare say)
Know it's on sight when I see you, I'm workin' at Squarespace
Yeah, top of the mornin', I know that you thought I was dormant
Woke up early from shots that were swarmin'
A block full of opps, now the cops in an orbit
Guess somebody got popped, now thеy knockin' on doors
Tryna find an informant but I ain't see Nathan
I'm mindin' my business as God is my witness
No weapon gon' prospеr that’s formin' against me
Nigga, I'm starvin', immensely
Know when I'm done with these songs, you gon' miss me
Ja Morant, I'm on my Grizzly
You niggas just cubs but no, not the ones in the big leagues
After The Fall Off, I promise I'm comin' to sellin' out Wrigley's
Nigga, I'm just a product of poverty, full of narcotics to profit off quickly
My family tree got a history of users that struggle with demons
Not really the hustler instincts
Therefore, often, my pockets was empty
So while some of my partners was servin' up rocks on the corners, the project assemblies
Me, I was startin' to envy, wanna be on the top where it's plenty
Wanna be in the spot like where every bitch want me like Rihanna droppin' new Fenty
What I see in the sky, the 'Ville is the ceilin', can't reach up too high, evidently
Nah, shit, I can't reach up too high, evidently
Never seen no one drivin' a Bentley
I can't be out here moppin' up Wendy's
You might also like
My life is all I have
My rhymes, my pen, my pad
And I done made it out the struggle, don't judge me
What you sayin' now won't budge me
'Cause where I come from (Come from), so often (So often)
People you grow up with layin' in a coffin
But I done made it through the pain and strife
It's my time now, my world, my life, my life

Say what? The stuff that I've seen got me traumatized
I let the K go when Johnny died
Swangin' that muhfucka' side to side
We don't participate, ain't with that squashin' shit, all we believe in is homicide
I got a good heart, so I send teddy bears every time we make they mommas cry
I pray that my past ain't ahead of me (21)
When I'm in love, I love heavily (On God)
If you betray me, you dead to me (21)
I disrespect you respectfully (Straight up)
I got some partners who left this Earth
Maybe the pain made a better me (On God)
Just know that they secrets is kept with me (On God)
I feel like the streets is in debt with me (Straight up)
I gave my heart away to all the dawg hoes 'cause that's who accepted me (21)
I blame my pops for that shit 'cause if he didn't fail, he could've corrected me (21)
Give all the props to my momma 'cause no matter what, she always protected me (On God)
I promise you, it ain't no checkin' me (On God)
Jump in the water, get wet with me (Straight up, 21, 21)
You want my money or wanna have sex with me?
Can't let the opps or the law get the best of me
I get to answerin', you get to testin' me
I see chicken, you niggas is breast to me
Planted a seed but it ain't a sesame
Can't let you niggas or bitches grow next to me
My life is all I have
My rhymes, my pen, my pad
And I done made it out the struggle, don't judge me
What you sayin' now won't budge me
'Cause where I come from (Come from), so often (So often)
People you grow up with layin' in a coffin
But I done made it through the pain and strife
It's my time now, my world, my life, my life207Embed


Track: ​​a p p l y i n g . p r e s s u r e

Lyrics:
183 ContributorsTranslationsEspañolEnglishPortuguêsJ. Cole - a p p l y i n g . p r e s s u r e (Traduzione Italiana)​​a p p l y i n g . p r e s s u r e Lyrics
Yeah (Yeah)
Yeah, nigga (One two, one two, one)
The Off-Season (One two, one two, one two, one)
The Off-Season, nigga
We offing niggas (Ayy, that's right)
Fuck you talkin’ 'bout? (That's right, ayy)
Offing niggas (Yeah, hey, yeah)
(Vocal up a little more, hey)

Uh, applying pressure
Started my grind where crime festers
And nines showing like they in they second trimesters (Pregnant)
That’s why when niggas throw a shot or two online, I pay no mind to their benign gesturеs (Mm)
Nigga, please, I got my mind on much bigger things, to say thе least
My latest speeches sound like they was released by David East (What up, East?)
Verses hit hard, never pitched hard or played the streets
These niggas' whips hard, behind closed doors, can't pay the lease (Uh)
Ain't nothin' wrong with livin' check to check 'cause most have to (I understand that)
Instead of cappin', why don’t you talk about being a broke rapper? (I don’t understand that)
That's a perspective I respect because it’s real
What it's like to be nice as fuck but got to stress to pay the bills
That was me in '08, seein' no cake
Not even on dates I celebrated my birth
Just did the mental math and calculated my worth
Shit crazy, didn’t know I got more M's than a real Slim Shady video (I'm the real Shady)
Big Boss, less Rick Ross, more like a wavy Hideo
Kojima, they tote steamers around the way we tippy-toe
'Round crack vials and cold-blooded killers, no reptiles
Just projectiles from niggas salty, you rockin' the fresher textiles
I seen best pals grow up and switch (I hate to see it)
Sometimes over a couple dollars, more often over a bitch (Ah, I hate to see it)
I can cap and say that I never scratched my jealousy's itch
But thank God I conquered that 'cause if not I'd never be rich
Envy keep your pockets empty, so just focus on you
If you broke and clownin' a millionaire, the joke is on you
Money ain't everything, I never say that (Never)
But niggas throw stones knowin' they sell they soul to get wherever they at (Come on, man)
Just know these verses is some shit they gon' forever playback, nigga (Come on, nigga)
You might also like
Hell yeah (Ooh)
Fuck, you know what it is, nigga
Don't even dare
Niggas try to act like they don't—, bitch
That's why I gotta flex sometimes
'Cause niggas just try to act like you just not that motherfuckin' nigga, like
Like you just really don't do it how you do it
Like niggas will really try to act like you don't do what you do
Nigga look you dead in your face
And really act like you don't do it to the level that you do it
That's why sometimes you gotta come through and just do it at the level that you do it in front of every nigga face
So they know the difference between you, the real niggas, and the mothafuckin' fraudulent niggas, man
Don't never get it fucked up
If a nigga can't do it like you do it sometimes you gotta do it in front of his fuckin' face so he'll know forever
"Damn, that nigga did it how I always wanted to do it and I'll never be able to do it like that"
Bitch, it's a difference (Ah)
(These are the same ones telling our people what we are and we aren't because we're just not working hard enough
And that mentality is what we're up against today
But this is good to know because this time, when we march on the Capitol
You can go ahead and let 'em know long before we get there, we're coming to get that check)102Embed


Track: ​​p u n c h i n ’ . t h e . c l o c k

Lyrics:
142 ContributorsTranslationsРусскийPortuguês​​p u n c h i n ’ . t h e . c l o c k Lyrics
It ain't nothing I want more
Ain't nothing I want more
I ain't c–
I told you, when I first came here, I said, "I ain't come here to waste my time"
I came here
They gave us a chance to get in, like we asked for
And that's, that's what we here to do
Yeah, nigga, 26
The job still ain't done
Straight up
But I, I said, "You, you know what I'm here for"

Back on top, punchin' the clock, clutchin' sanity
I got more cribs than Habitat for Humanity
Shit profound, we propagating more profanity
Paid off collections from recollections of calamity (Oh shit, look, that nigga gonna shoot)
The shit pop off, I learned to duck under the canopy (Oh shit, run, nigga, run)
'Til it cool off, they murked a nigga right in front of me
Told him to come off his chain for tryna floss
Died over a cross just like the start of Christianity
When I was a boy, the teacher often reprimanded me (Jermaine)
Thought it was toys, it was a Glock this nigga handed me
I busted the trees, was barely strong enough to squeeze
Bullets traveled through leaves, it probably killed somebody randomly
Ran in the crib and played it off amongst the family
Nightmare scenes, the police finally apprehended me
Woke up screamin', seen a demon had his hand on me
Still sport the scar on my arm from where he branded me
Like a Que Dog, my niggas burnin' with the mute off
Loud pack smoke through the cracks, I catch a contact
Triggerin' a paranoid mindset, now I'm back
Teeterin' between enlightened and insanity
Now that I'm rich, I feel nobody understandin' me
All I can do is cut the mic on, holler at you
Can't let the fame scare me off from speaking candidly
All them niggas is so Kane, they started singin' like Danity
Now I'm left here, paid like I planned to be, damn
You might also like
A lot of times, those situations are, um, are handled way before the time comes
In the summer, I think when you truly prepare yourself, and
With training and conditioning, and things like that
When you cheat yourself, you fail in those moments
You know, you crash, and when you really put the time in and
Whether people see it, or whether people know it or not
You know, it always come to light83Embed


Track: 1 0 0 . m i l ’ by J. Cole & Bas

Lyrics:
139 ContributorsTranslationsРусскийPortuguês1 0 0 . m i l ’ Lyrics
How come a nigga ain't enter his prime?
Still gettin' better after all this time
These niggas say that they killers, they lyin'
Only thing I see 'em killin' is time

One hundred mil' and I'm still on the grind
One hundred mil' and I'm still on the grind
One hundred mil' and I'm still on the grind
One hundred mil' and I'm still on the grind

Never peddled rock, never said a lot, only what need to be said
Got a little guap, when you get a lot, won't no bitch leave you on read
Don't push me, nigga, my feet on thе ledge
This game is likе follow the leader, if you looking closely enough, then you'll see that I led
The moves that I made, the people I fed, the evil I ducked
They minds is too feeble, they lean on they crutch
I'm bleeding from fighting my demons head up
When I get defeated, believe I get up
I come from a city most niggas ain't heard of until they popped in my first CD, now look
I'm on that Mount Rushmore, you niggas can't front no more, bitch, I'ma reign until FEMA show up
When shots got to ringing, like freedom, I ducked
E&J fell out my cup
Them bullets fly by, that shit sober you up
I'm proud of my niggas, they never switched up
Don't care if it's Michael B. Jordan that's calling my woman to fuck, she ain't gon' never pick up
Sadly, I can't say the same for you niggas
A couple of dollars be changing you niggas
I pray for you niggas, but
You might also like
How come a nigga ain't enter his prime?
Still gettin' better after all this time
These niggas say that they killers, they lyin'
Only thing I see them killing is time

One hundred mil' and I'm still on the grind
One hundred mil' and I'm still on the grind
One hundred mil' and I'm still on the grind
One hundred mil' and I'm still on the, uh

It's not 'bout the money, it's more about time
Shit makes sense when you see how I spend mine
Burst through the ceiling, I'm feeling sublime
Can't leave the game yet, I feel like LeBron

One hundred mil' and I'm still on the grind
One hundred mil' and I'm still on the grind
One hundred mil' and I'm still on the grind
One hundred mil' and I'm still on the, uh

How come a nigga ain't enter his prime?
Still gettin' better after all this time
These niggas say that they killers, they lyin'
Only thing I see 'em killin' is time
One hundred mil' and I'm still on the grind
One hundred mil' and I'm still on the grind
One hundred mil' and I'm still on the grind
One hundred mil' and I'm still on the grind

Ooh, one hundred mil' and I'm still
One hundred mil' and I'm still
One hundred mil' and I'm still
One hundred mil' and I'm still
One hundred mil' and I'm still
One hundred mil' and I'm still
One hundred mil' and I'm still
One hundred mil' and I'm still
One hundred mil' and I'm still100Embed


Track: ​​p r i d e . i s . t h e . d e v i l by J. Cole & Lil Baby

Lyrics:
9 ContributorsZay’s Gold Jams Lyrics2Pac - "California Love" (feat. Dr. Dre & Roger)
2Pac - "Changes"
2Pac - "Keep Ya Head Up"
2Pac - "Dear Mama"
2Pac - "Last Wordz" (feat. Ice-T & Ice Cube)
2Pac - "Hit 'Em Up" (feat. Outlawz)
2Pac - "Ambitionz Az A Ridah"
2Pac - "All Eyez On Me" (feat. Big Syke)
2Pac - "I Get Around" (feat. Digital Underground)
6LACK - "Seasons" (feat. Khalid)
6LACK - "East Atlanta Love Letter" (feat. Future)
6LACK - "Switch"
6LACK - "PRBLMS"
6LACK - "Pretty Little Fears" (feat. J. Cole)
21 Savage - "ball w/o you"
21 Savage - "Rich Nigga Shit" (feat. Metro Boomin & Young Thug)
21 Savage - "a lot" (feat. J. Cole)
21 Savage - "Spiral"
Ari Lennox - "Shea Butter Baby" (fеat. J. Cole)
A$AP Rocky - "Fukk Sleep" (feat. FKA Twigs)
A$AP Rocky - "1Train" (feat. Kеndrick Lamar, Joey Bada$$, Yelawolf, Danny Brown, Action Bronson & Big K.R.I.T)
A$AP Rocky - "Potato Salad" (feat. Tyler, The Creator)
A$AP Rocky - "r - Cali"
A$AP Rocky - "Fuckin' Problems" (feat. Kendrick Lamar, Drake & 2 Chainz)
Bas - "Purge"
Bas - "Night Job"
Bas - "Icarus" (feat. Ari Lennox)
Bas - "Tribe" (feat. J. Cole)
Bas - "Fried Rice" (feat. JID)
Big Sean - "First Chain" (feat. Nas & Kid Cudi)
Big Sean - "Bezerk" (feat. Hit-Boy & A$AP Ferg)
Big Sean - "Go Legend" (feat. Metro Boomin & Travis Scott)
Big Sean - "Beware" (feat. Lil' Wayne & Jhené Aiko)
Big Sean - "Pull Up N Wreck" (feat. Metro Boomin & 21 Savage)
Busta Rhymes - "I Know What You Want" (feat. Mariah Carey & Flipmode Squad)
Busta Rhymes - "Break Ya Neck"
Busta Rhymes - "Calm Down" (feat. Eminem)
Denzel Curry - "CLOUT COBAIN | CLOUT CO13A1N"
Denzel Curry - "Zenith" (feat. Joey Bada$$)
Denzel Curry - "RICKY"
Denzel Curry - "Take_it_Back_v2" (with Kenny Beats)
Denzel Curry - "SIRENS | Z1RENZ" (feat. JID)
Denzel Curry - "DIET_1.5" 
Denzel Curry - "PERCS | PERCZ"
Denzel Curry - "SPEEDBOAT"
Denzel Curry - "SUMO | ZUMO"
DMX - "Ruff Ryders' Anthem"
DMX - "Party Up"
DMX - "X Gon' Give It To Ya"
Dreamville - "Under The Sun" (feat. J. Cole, Lute & DaBaby)
Dreamville - "Down Bad" (feat. Bas, EARTHGANG, J. Cole, JID & Young Nudy)
Dreamville - "LamboTruck" (feat. Cozz, Childish Major & REASON)
Dreamville - "Wells Fargo (Interlude)" (feat. JID, EARTHGANG, Buddy & Guapdad 4000)
Dreamville - "Ladies, Ladies, Ladies" (feat. JID & T.I.)
Dreamville - "1993" (feat. J. Cole, JID, Cozz, EARTHGANG, Buddy & Smino)
Dreamville - "Rembrandt...Run It Back" (feat. JID, J. Cole & Vince Staples)
Dreamville - "Costa Rica" (feat. Bas, JID, Mez, Buddy, Jace, Reese LAFLARE, Ski Mask the Slump God, Smokepurpp & Guapdad 4000)
Dr. Dre - "Fuck Wit Dre Day (And Everybody's Celebratin')" (feat. Snoop Dogg)
Dr. Dre - "Nuthin' But A "G" Thang" (feat. Snoop Dogg)
Dr. Dre - "Still D.R.E" (feat. Snoop Dogg)
Dr. Dre - "Forgot About Dre" (feat. Eminem)
Dr. Dre - "Deep Water" (feat. Kendrick Lamar, Justus & Anderson .Paak)
Dr. Dre - "What's The Difference" (feat. Xzibit & Eminem)
Dr. Dre - "I Need A Doctor" (feat. Skylar Grey & Eminem)
Dr. Dre - "Medicine Man" (feat. Candice Pillay, Anderson .Paak & Eminem)
Dr. Dre - "Animals" (feat. Anderson .Paak)
Dr. Dre - "The Next Episode" (feat. Snoop Dogg)
Dr. Dre - "Issues" (feat. Ice Cube, Anderson .Paak and Dem Jointz)
Dr. Dre - "Talking To My Diary"
EARTHGANG - "Punchanella"
EARTHGANG - "Momma Told Me" (feat. JID)
EARTHGANG - "Meditate" (feat. JID)
Eminem - "Stan"
Eminem - "The Real Slim Shady"
Eminem - "'Till I Collapse" (feat. Nate Dogg)
Eminem - "Without Me"
Eminem - "Love Game" (feat. Kendrick Lamar)
Eminem - "Guilty Conscience" (feat. Dr. Dre)
Eminem - "Lucky You" (feat. Joyner Lucas)
Eminem - "My Name Is"
Eminem - "Bitch Please II" (feat. Snoop Dogg, Dr. Dre, Nate Dogg & Xzibit)
Eminem - "Guilty Conscience" (feat. Dr. Dre)
Eminem - "Kill You"
Eminem - "Good Guy" (feat. Jessie Reyez)
Eminem - "The Ringer"
GZA - "Shadowboxin'" (feat. Method Man)
GZA - "Liquid Swords"
Hopsin - "Ill Mind Of Hopsin 5"
Hopsin - "Sag My Pants"
Hopsin - "Ill Mind Of Hopsin 8"
Hopsin - "Ill Mind Of Hopsin 9"
Ice Cube - "It Was A Good Day"
Ice Cube - "Check Yo Self"
Ice Cube - "No Vaseline"
Ice Cube - "Go To Church" (feat. Snoop Dogg & Lil' Jon)
Ice Cube - "Hello" (feat. MC Ren & Dr. Dre)
Ice Cube - "Friday"
Ice Cube - "Natural Born Killaz" (feat. Dr. Dre)
Ice-T - "6 'N The Mornin'"
Ice-T - "Colors"
Ice-T - "O.G. Original Gangsta"
IDK - "Cereal" (feat. JID & Kenny Mason)
IDK - "Porno"
IDK - "ONCE UPON A TIME (FREESTYLE)" (feat. Denzel Curry)
J. Cole - "Wet Dreamz"
J. Cole - "No Role Modelz"
J. Cole - "KOD"
J. Cole - "New York Times" (feat. 50 Cent & Bas)
J. Cole - "Forbidden Fruit" (feat. Kendrick Lamar)
J. Cole - "January 28th"
J. Cole - "Lights Please"
J. Cole - "Immortal"
J. Cole - "m y . l i f e" (with 21 Savage & Morray)
J. Cole - "p r i d e . i s . t h e . d e v i l" (with Lil Baby)
J. Cole - "l e t . g o . m y . h a n d" (with Bas & 6LACK)
J. Cole - "1 0 0 . m i l '" (with Bas)
J. Cole - "a m a r i"
J. Cole - "a p p l y i n g . p r e s s u r e"
Jessie Reyez - "IMPORTED" (with 6LACK)
Jessie Reyez - "COFFIN" (feat. Eminem)
Jessie Reyez - "FAR AWAY II" (feat. A Boogie Wit da Hoodie & JID)
Jhené Aiko - "10k Hours" (feat. Nas)
JID - "151 Rum"
JID - "Off Deez" (with J. Cole)
JID - "NEVER"
JID - "EdEddnEddy"
JID - "8701" (feat. 6LACK)
JID - "Hot Box" (feat. Method Man & Joey Bada$$)
JID - "Tiiied" (feat. 6LACK & Ella Mai)
JID - "Mounted Up"
JID - "Workin Out"
JID - "Bruuuh (Remix)" (feat. Denzel Curry)
JID - "Off Da Zoinkys"
JID - "Westbrook" (feat. A$AP Ferg)
JID - "Ballads" (with Conway The Machine)
JID - "Slick Talk"
Joyner Lucas - "Ross Capicchioni"
Joyner Lucas - "Ultrasound"
Joyner Lucas - "I'm Sorry"
Joyner Lucas - "I Lied (Intro)"
Joyner Lucas - "The War" (feat. Young Thug)
Joyner Lucas - "I Love"
Joyner Lucas - "Devil's Work"
Joyner Lucas - "Happy Birthday"
Joyner Lucas - "Isis" (feat. Logic)
Joyner Lucas - "Lotto"
Joyner Lucas - "Finally" (feat. Chris Brown)
Joyner Lucas - "10 Bands" (feat. Timbaland)
Joyner Lucas - "ADHD"
Joyner Lucas - "Revenge"
Kendrick Lamar - "Rigamortus"
Kendrick Lamar - "Backseat Freestyle"
Kendrick Lamar - "Money Trees" (feat. Jay Rock)
Kendrick Lamar - "good kid"
Kendrick Lamar - "m.A.A.d city" (feat. MC Eiht)
Kendrick Lamar - "Compton" (feat. Dr. Dre)
Kendrick Lamar - "The Recipe - Bonus Track" (feat. Dr. Dre)
Kendrick Lamar - "Black Boy Fly - Bonus Track"
Kendrick Lamar - "King Kunta"
Kendrick Lamar - "The Blacker The Berry"
Kendrick Lamar - "DNA."
Kendrick Lamar - "ELEMENT."
Kendrick Lamar - "LOYALTY. FEAT. RIHANNA."
Kendrick Lamar - "LOVE. FEAT. ZACARI."
Kendrick Lamar - "FEAR"
Kid Cudi - "In My Dreams (Cudder Anthem)"
Kid Cudi - "Day 'N' Nite (Nightmare)"
Kid Cudi - "Scott Mescudi Vs. The World" (feat. CeeLo Green)
Kid Cudi - "Marijuana"
Kid Cudi - "Solo Dolo Part II" (feat. Kendrick Lamar)
Kid Cudi - "Beez" (feat. RZA)
Kid Cudi - "Damaged"
Kid Cudi - "Another Day"
Kid Cudi - "Show Out" (with Skepta & Pop Smoke)
Kid Cudi - "Dive"
Kid Cudi - "Elsie's Baby Boy (flashback)"
Kid Cudi - "Rockstar Knights" (with Trippie Redd)
Kid Cudi - "Lord I Know"
Kid Cudi - "The Adventures of Moon Man & Slim Shady" (feat. Eminem)
Kid Cudi - "Pursuit Of Happiness (Nightmare)" (feat. MGMT & Ratatat)
Mac Miller - "O.K - Bonus Track" (feat. Tyler, The Creator)
Mac Miller - "Knock Knock"
Mac Miller - "God Is Fair, Sexy Nasty" (feat. Kendrick Lamar)
Meek Mill - "Offended" (feat. Young Thug & 21 Savage)
Meek Mill - "Froze" (feat. Lil Uzi Vert & Nicki Minaj)
Meek Mill - "Difference" (feat. Quavo & Desiigner)
Meek Mill - "Litty" (feat. Tory Lanez)
Method Man - "Episode 3 - Grand Prix"
Method Man - "Meth Vs. Chef" (feat. Raekwon)
Method Man - "I'll Be There For You / You're All I Need To Get By" (with Mary G. Blige)
Metro Boomin - "10 Freaky Girls" (with 21 Savage)
Metro Boomin - "Don't Come Out The House" (with 21 Savage)
Metro Boomin - "No More" (feat. Travis Scott, Kodak Black & 21 Savage)
Metro Boomin - "Space Cadet" (feat. Gunna)
Nas - "If I Ruled The World (Imagine That)" (feat. Lauryn Hill)
Nas - "N.Y. State Of Mind"
Nas - "Adam and Eve" (feat. The-Dream)
Nas - "The World Is Yours"
Nas - "Highly Favored"
Nas - "EMPD"
Nate Dogg - "Never Leave Me Alone" (feat. Snoop Dogg)
Nate Dogg - "So Fly"
Nate Dogg - "I Got Love"
Ol' Dirty Bastard - "Shimmy Shimmy Ya"
Ol' Dirty Bastard - "Brooklyn Zoo"
Ol' Dirty Bastard - "Intoxicated" (feat. Raekwon, Method Man & Macy Gray)
RZA - "Grits"
RZA - "Fatal"
Ski Mask the Slump God - "Burn The Hoods"
Ski Mask the Slump God - "Nuketown" (feat. Juice WRLD)
Ski Mask the Slump God - "Faucet Failure"
Smino - "Baguetti" (feat. Kenny Beats & JID)
Snoop Dogg - "Who Am I (What's My Name)?"
Snoop Dogg - "Drop It Like It's Hot" (feat. Pharrell Williams)
Snoop Dogg - "Gin N Juice" (feat. Dat Nigga Daz)
Snoop Dogg - "Beautiful" (feat. Pharrell Williams & Charlie Wilson)
Snoop Dogg - "G'z and Hustlaz"
SZA - "Love Galore" (feat. Travis Scott)
SZA - "Doves In The Wind" (feat. Kendrick Lamar)
Tech N9ne - "Worldwide Choppers"
Tech N9ne - "Am I A Psycho" (feat. B.o.B & Hopsin)
Tech N9ne - "Speedom (Wwc2)" (feat. Krizz Kaliko & Eminem)
Tech N9ne - "Fragile" (feat. Mayday, Kendall Morgan & Kendrick Lamar)
Tech N9ne - "So Dope (They Wanna)" (feat. Wrekonize, Twisted Insane & Snow Tha Product)"
Tech N9ne - "Sriracha" (feat. Joyner Lucas & Logic)
The Game - "Martians Vs Goblins" (feat. Lil' Wayne & Tyler, the Creator)
The Game - "How We Do" (feat. 50 Cent)
The Notorious B.I.G. - "Juicy"
The Notorious B.I.G. - "Hypnotize"
The Notorious B.I.G. - "Big Poppa"
The Notorious B.I.G. - "Who Shot Ya?"
The Notorious B.I.G. - "Notorious Thugs" (feat. Bone Thugs-N-Harmony)
T.I - "That's All She Wrote" (feat. Eminem)
T.I - "Welcome To The World" (feat. Kanye West & Kid Cudi)
T.I - "Popped Off" (feat. Dr. Dre)
T.I - "Whatever You Like"
Token - "And You" (feat. IDK & Bas)
Travis Scott - "goosebumps" (feat. Kendrick Lamar)
Travis Scott - "HIGHEST IN THE ROOM"
Travis Scott - "through the late night" (feat. Kid Cudi)
Travis Scott - "Pornography"
Travis Scott - "NC-17" (feat. 21 Savage)
Travis Scott - "BUTTERFLY EFFECT"
Travis Scott - "STOP TRYING TO BE GOD" (feat. Stevie Wonder, Kid Cudi, James Blake & Philip Bailey)
Travis Scott & Kid Cudi - "THE SCOTTS"
Travis Scott - "FRANCHISE" (feat. Young Thug & M.I.A)
Tyler, the Creator - "Potato Salad" (with A$AP Rocky)
Tyler, the Creator - "Tamale"
Tyler, the Creator - "DEATHCAMP" (feat. Cole Alexander)
Tyler, the Creator - "See You Again" (feat. Kali Uchis)
Tyler, the Creator - "SMUCKERS" (feat. Lil Wayne & Kanye West)
Vince Staples - "Blue Suede"
Warren G - "Regulate" (feat. Nate Dogg)
Warren G - "This DJ"
WESTSIDE BOOGIE - "Soho" (feat. JID)
WESTSIDE BOOGIE - "Rainy Days" (feat. Eminem)
WESTSIDE BOOGIE - "Still Thirsty"
Wu-Tang Clan - "Method Man"
Wu-Tang Clan - "Triumph"
Wu-Tang Clan - "C.R.E.A.M"
Wu-Tang Clan - "Da Mystery of Chessboxin'"
Wu-Tang Clan - "Protect Ya Neck"
Young Thug - "The London" (feat. Travis Scott & J. Cole)
Young Thug - "Hot (Remix)" (feat. Travis Scott & Gunna)8Embed


Track: ​l e t . g o . m y . h a n d by J. Cole, Bas & 6LACK

Lyrics:
9 ContributorsZay’s Gold Jams Lyrics2Pac - "California Love" (feat. Dr. Dre & Roger)
2Pac - "Changes"
2Pac - "Keep Ya Head Up"
2Pac - "Dear Mama"
2Pac - "Last Wordz" (feat. Ice-T & Ice Cube)
2Pac - "Hit 'Em Up" (feat. Outlawz)
2Pac - "Ambitionz Az A Ridah"
2Pac - "All Eyez On Me" (feat. Big Syke)
2Pac - "I Get Around" (feat. Digital Underground)
6LACK - "Seasons" (feat. Khalid)
6LACK - "East Atlanta Love Letter" (feat. Future)
6LACK - "Switch"
6LACK - "PRBLMS"
6LACK - "Pretty Little Fears" (feat. J. Cole)
21 Savage - "ball w/o you"
21 Savage - "Rich Nigga Shit" (feat. Metro Boomin & Young Thug)
21 Savage - "a lot" (feat. J. Cole)
21 Savage - "Spiral"
Ari Lennox - "Shea Butter Baby" (fеat. J. Cole)
A$AP Rocky - "Fukk Sleep" (feat. FKA Twigs)
A$AP Rocky - "1Train" (feat. Kеndrick Lamar, Joey Bada$$, Yelawolf, Danny Brown, Action Bronson & Big K.R.I.T)
A$AP Rocky - "Potato Salad" (feat. Tyler, The Creator)
A$AP Rocky - "r - Cali"
A$AP Rocky - "Fuckin' Problems" (feat. Kendrick Lamar, Drake & 2 Chainz)
Bas - "Purge"
Bas - "Night Job"
Bas - "Icarus" (feat. Ari Lennox)
Bas - "Tribe" (feat. J. Cole)
Bas - "Fried Rice" (feat. JID)
Big Sean - "First Chain" (feat. Nas & Kid Cudi)
Big Sean - "Bezerk" (feat. Hit-Boy & A$AP Ferg)
Big Sean - "Go Legend" (feat. Metro Boomin & Travis Scott)
Big Sean - "Beware" (feat. Lil' Wayne & Jhené Aiko)
Big Sean - "Pull Up N Wreck" (feat. Metro Boomin & 21 Savage)
Busta Rhymes - "I Know What You Want" (feat. Mariah Carey & Flipmode Squad)
Busta Rhymes - "Break Ya Neck"
Busta Rhymes - "Calm Down" (feat. Eminem)
Denzel Curry - "CLOUT COBAIN | CLOUT CO13A1N"
Denzel Curry - "Zenith" (feat. Joey Bada$$)
Denzel Curry - "RICKY"
Denzel Curry - "Take_it_Back_v2" (with Kenny Beats)
Denzel Curry - "SIRENS | Z1RENZ" (feat. JID)
Denzel Curry - "DIET_1.5" 
Denzel Curry - "PERCS | PERCZ"
Denzel Curry - "SPEEDBOAT"
Denzel Curry - "SUMO | ZUMO"
DMX - "Ruff Ryders' Anthem"
DMX - "Party Up"
DMX - "X Gon' Give It To Ya"
Dreamville - "Under The Sun" (feat. J. Cole, Lute & DaBaby)
Dreamville - "Down Bad" (feat. Bas, EARTHGANG, J. Cole, JID & Young Nudy)
Dreamville - "LamboTruck" (feat. Cozz, Childish Major & REASON)
Dreamville - "Wells Fargo (Interlude)" (feat. JID, EARTHGANG, Buddy & Guapdad 4000)
Dreamville - "Ladies, Ladies, Ladies" (feat. JID & T.I.)
Dreamville - "1993" (feat. J. Cole, JID, Cozz, EARTHGANG, Buddy & Smino)
Dreamville - "Rembrandt...Run It Back" (feat. JID, J. Cole & Vince Staples)
Dreamville - "Costa Rica" (feat. Bas, JID, Mez, Buddy, Jace, Reese LAFLARE, Ski Mask the Slump God, Smokepurpp & Guapdad 4000)
Dr. Dre - "Fuck Wit Dre Day (And Everybody's Celebratin')" (feat. Snoop Dogg)
Dr. Dre - "Nuthin' But A "G" Thang" (feat. Snoop Dogg)
Dr. Dre - "Still D.R.E" (feat. Snoop Dogg)
Dr. Dre - "Forgot About Dre" (feat. Eminem)
Dr. Dre - "Deep Water" (feat. Kendrick Lamar, Justus & Anderson .Paak)
Dr. Dre - "What's The Difference" (feat. Xzibit & Eminem)
Dr. Dre - "I Need A Doctor" (feat. Skylar Grey & Eminem)
Dr. Dre - "Medicine Man" (feat. Candice Pillay, Anderson .Paak & Eminem)
Dr. Dre - "Animals" (feat. Anderson .Paak)
Dr. Dre - "The Next Episode" (feat. Snoop Dogg)
Dr. Dre - "Issues" (feat. Ice Cube, Anderson .Paak and Dem Jointz)
Dr. Dre - "Talking To My Diary"
EARTHGANG - "Punchanella"
EARTHGANG - "Momma Told Me" (feat. JID)
EARTHGANG - "Meditate" (feat. JID)
Eminem - "Stan"
Eminem - "The Real Slim Shady"
Eminem - "'Till I Collapse" (feat. Nate Dogg)
Eminem - "Without Me"
Eminem - "Love Game" (feat. Kendrick Lamar)
Eminem - "Guilty Conscience" (feat. Dr. Dre)
Eminem - "Lucky You" (feat. Joyner Lucas)
Eminem - "My Name Is"
Eminem - "Bitch Please II" (feat. Snoop Dogg, Dr. Dre, Nate Dogg & Xzibit)
Eminem - "Guilty Conscience" (feat. Dr. Dre)
Eminem - "Kill You"
Eminem - "Good Guy" (feat. Jessie Reyez)
Eminem - "The Ringer"
GZA - "Shadowboxin'" (feat. Method Man)
GZA - "Liquid Swords"
Hopsin - "Ill Mind Of Hopsin 5"
Hopsin - "Sag My Pants"
Hopsin - "Ill Mind Of Hopsin 8"
Hopsin - "Ill Mind Of Hopsin 9"
Ice Cube - "It Was A Good Day"
Ice Cube - "Check Yo Self"
Ice Cube - "No Vaseline"
Ice Cube - "Go To Church" (feat. Snoop Dogg & Lil' Jon)
Ice Cube - "Hello" (feat. MC Ren & Dr. Dre)
Ice Cube - "Friday"
Ice Cube - "Natural Born Killaz" (feat. Dr. Dre)
Ice-T - "6 'N The Mornin'"
Ice-T - "Colors"
Ice-T - "O.G. Original Gangsta"
IDK - "Cereal" (feat. JID & Kenny Mason)
IDK - "Porno"
IDK - "ONCE UPON A TIME (FREESTYLE)" (feat. Denzel Curry)
J. Cole - "Wet Dreamz"
J. Cole - "No Role Modelz"
J. Cole - "KOD"
J. Cole - "New York Times" (feat. 50 Cent & Bas)
J. Cole - "Forbidden Fruit" (feat. Kendrick Lamar)
J. Cole - "January 28th"
J. Cole - "Lights Please"
J. Cole - "Immortal"
J. Cole - "m y . l i f e" (with 21 Savage & Morray)
J. Cole - "p r i d e . i s . t h e . d e v i l" (with Lil Baby)
J. Cole - "l e t . g o . m y . h a n d" (with Bas & 6LACK)
J. Cole - "1 0 0 . m i l '" (with Bas)
J. Cole - "a m a r i"
J. Cole - "a p p l y i n g . p r e s s u r e"
Jessie Reyez - "IMPORTED" (with 6LACK)
Jessie Reyez - "COFFIN" (feat. Eminem)
Jessie Reyez - "FAR AWAY II" (feat. A Boogie Wit da Hoodie & JID)
Jhené Aiko - "10k Hours" (feat. Nas)
JID - "151 Rum"
JID - "Off Deez" (with J. Cole)
JID - "NEVER"
JID - "EdEddnEddy"
JID - "8701" (feat. 6LACK)
JID - "Hot Box" (feat. Method Man & Joey Bada$$)
JID - "Tiiied" (feat. 6LACK & Ella Mai)
JID - "Mounted Up"
JID - "Workin Out"
JID - "Bruuuh (Remix)" (feat. Denzel Curry)
JID - "Off Da Zoinkys"
JID - "Westbrook" (feat. A$AP Ferg)
JID - "Ballads" (with Conway The Machine)
JID - "Slick Talk"
Joyner Lucas - "Ross Capicchioni"
Joyner Lucas - "Ultrasound"
Joyner Lucas - "I'm Sorry"
Joyner Lucas - "I Lied (Intro)"
Joyner Lucas - "The War" (feat. Young Thug)
Joyner Lucas - "I Love"
Joyner Lucas - "Devil's Work"
Joyner Lucas - "Happy Birthday"
Joyner Lucas - "Isis" (feat. Logic)
Joyner Lucas - "Lotto"
Joyner Lucas - "Finally" (feat. Chris Brown)
Joyner Lucas - "10 Bands" (feat. Timbaland)
Joyner Lucas - "ADHD"
Joyner Lucas - "Revenge"
Kendrick Lamar - "Rigamortus"
Kendrick Lamar - "Backseat Freestyle"
Kendrick Lamar - "Money Trees" (feat. Jay Rock)
Kendrick Lamar - "good kid"
Kendrick Lamar - "m.A.A.d city" (feat. MC Eiht)
Kendrick Lamar - "Compton" (feat. Dr. Dre)
Kendrick Lamar - "The Recipe - Bonus Track" (feat. Dr. Dre)
Kendrick Lamar - "Black Boy Fly - Bonus Track"
Kendrick Lamar - "King Kunta"
Kendrick Lamar - "The Blacker The Berry"
Kendrick Lamar - "DNA."
Kendrick Lamar - "ELEMENT."
Kendrick Lamar - "LOYALTY. FEAT. RIHANNA."
Kendrick Lamar - "LOVE. FEAT. ZACARI."
Kendrick Lamar - "FEAR"
Kid Cudi - "In My Dreams (Cudder Anthem)"
Kid Cudi - "Day 'N' Nite (Nightmare)"
Kid Cudi - "Scott Mescudi Vs. The World" (feat. CeeLo Green)
Kid Cudi - "Marijuana"
Kid Cudi - "Solo Dolo Part II" (feat. Kendrick Lamar)
Kid Cudi - "Beez" (feat. RZA)
Kid Cudi - "Damaged"
Kid Cudi - "Another Day"
Kid Cudi - "Show Out" (with Skepta & Pop Smoke)
Kid Cudi - "Dive"
Kid Cudi - "Elsie's Baby Boy (flashback)"
Kid Cudi - "Rockstar Knights" (with Trippie Redd)
Kid Cudi - "Lord I Know"
Kid Cudi - "The Adventures of Moon Man & Slim Shady" (feat. Eminem)
Kid Cudi - "Pursuit Of Happiness (Nightmare)" (feat. MGMT & Ratatat)
Mac Miller - "O.K - Bonus Track" (feat. Tyler, The Creator)
Mac Miller - "Knock Knock"
Mac Miller - "God Is Fair, Sexy Nasty" (feat. Kendrick Lamar)
Meek Mill - "Offended" (feat. Young Thug & 21 Savage)
Meek Mill - "Froze" (feat. Lil Uzi Vert & Nicki Minaj)
Meek Mill - "Difference" (feat. Quavo & Desiigner)
Meek Mill - "Litty" (feat. Tory Lanez)
Method Man - "Episode 3 - Grand Prix"
Method Man - "Meth Vs. Chef" (feat. Raekwon)
Method Man - "I'll Be There For You / You're All I Need To Get By" (with Mary G. Blige)
Metro Boomin - "10 Freaky Girls" (with 21 Savage)
Metro Boomin - "Don't Come Out The House" (with 21 Savage)
Metro Boomin - "No More" (feat. Travis Scott, Kodak Black & 21 Savage)
Metro Boomin - "Space Cadet" (feat. Gunna)
Nas - "If I Ruled The World (Imagine That)" (feat. Lauryn Hill)
Nas - "N.Y. State Of Mind"
Nas - "Adam and Eve" (feat. The-Dream)
Nas - "The World Is Yours"
Nas - "Highly Favored"
Nas - "EMPD"
Nate Dogg - "Never Leave Me Alone" (feat. Snoop Dogg)
Nate Dogg - "So Fly"
Nate Dogg - "I Got Love"
Ol' Dirty Bastard - "Shimmy Shimmy Ya"
Ol' Dirty Bastard - "Brooklyn Zoo"
Ol' Dirty Bastard - "Intoxicated" (feat. Raekwon, Method Man & Macy Gray)
RZA - "Grits"
RZA - "Fatal"
Ski Mask the Slump God - "Burn The Hoods"
Ski Mask the Slump God - "Nuketown" (feat. Juice WRLD)
Ski Mask the Slump God - "Faucet Failure"
Smino - "Baguetti" (feat. Kenny Beats & JID)
Snoop Dogg - "Who Am I (What's My Name)?"
Snoop Dogg - "Drop It Like It's Hot" (feat. Pharrell Williams)
Snoop Dogg - "Gin N Juice" (feat. Dat Nigga Daz)
Snoop Dogg - "Beautiful" (feat. Pharrell Williams & Charlie Wilson)
Snoop Dogg - "G'z and Hustlaz"
SZA - "Love Galore" (feat. Travis Scott)
SZA - "Doves In The Wind" (feat. Kendrick Lamar)
Tech N9ne - "Worldwide Choppers"
Tech N9ne - "Am I A Psycho" (feat. B.o.B & Hopsin)
Tech N9ne - "Speedom (Wwc2)" (feat. Krizz Kaliko & Eminem)
Tech N9ne - "Fragile" (feat. Mayday, Kendall Morgan & Kendrick Lamar)
Tech N9ne - "So Dope (They Wanna)" (feat. Wrekonize, Twisted Insane & Snow Tha Product)"
Tech N9ne - "Sriracha" (feat. Joyner Lucas & Logic)
The Game - "Martians Vs Goblins" (feat. Lil' Wayne & Tyler, the Creator)
The Game - "How We Do" (feat. 50 Cent)
The Notorious B.I.G. - "Juicy"
The Notorious B.I.G. - "Hypnotize"
The Notorious B.I.G. - "Big Poppa"
The Notorious B.I.G. - "Who Shot Ya?"
The Notorious B.I.G. - "Notorious Thugs" (feat. Bone Thugs-N-Harmony)
T.I - "That's All She Wrote" (feat. Eminem)
T.I - "Welcome To The World" (feat. Kanye West & Kid Cudi)
T.I - "Popped Off" (feat. Dr. Dre)
T.I - "Whatever You Like"
Token - "And You" (feat. IDK & Bas)
Travis Scott - "goosebumps" (feat. Kendrick Lamar)
Travis Scott - "HIGHEST IN THE ROOM"
Travis Scott - "through the late night" (feat. Kid Cudi)
Travis Scott - "Pornography"
Travis Scott - "NC-17" (feat. 21 Savage)
Travis Scott - "BUTTERFLY EFFECT"
Travis Scott - "STOP TRYING TO BE GOD" (feat. Stevie Wonder, Kid Cudi, James Blake & Philip Bailey)
Travis Scott & Kid Cudi - "THE SCOTTS"
Travis Scott - "FRANCHISE" (feat. Young Thug & M.I.A)
Tyler, the Creator - "Potato Salad" (with A$AP Rocky)
Tyler, the Creator - "Tamale"
Tyler, the Creator - "DEATHCAMP" (feat. Cole Alexander)
Tyler, the Creator - "See You Again" (feat. Kali Uchis)
Tyler, the Creator - "SMUCKERS" (feat. Lil Wayne & Kanye West)
Vince Staples - "Blue Suede"
Warren G - "Regulate" (feat. Nate Dogg)
Warren G - "This DJ"
WESTSIDE BOOGIE - "Soho" (feat. JID)
WESTSIDE BOOGIE - "Rainy Days" (feat. Eminem)
WESTSIDE BOOGIE - "Still Thirsty"
Wu-Tang Clan - "Method Man"
Wu-Tang Clan - "Triumph"
Wu-Tang Clan - "C.R.E.A.M"
Wu-Tang Clan - "Da Mystery of Chessboxin'"
Wu-Tang Clan - "Protect Ya Neck"
Young Thug - "The London" (feat. Travis Scott & J. Cole)
Young Thug - "Hot (Remix)" (feat. Travis Scott & Gunna)8Embed


Track: ​i n t e r l u d e

Lyrics:
255 ContributorsTranslationsTürkçeРусскийPortuguês日本語ItalianoFrançais​i n t e r l u d e Lyrics
I'm a livin' little good thing
It's like you never lived for me, yeah
Mama said you was a good thing, uh
Good, good, good, yeah
Yeah
We came a long way, man, we done came a long way
And we sittin' on top of this shit
This shit can go one of two ways
This shit can go up, it can go down
Either way, nigga, I'm prepared
Feel me? Yeah

I be comin' in peace, but fuck me
Best beware of the others
This shit deep, undercovers creep
This Southern heat make unbearable summers
Just last week, seen yo' mama weep
Crying 'cause she don't wan' bury your brother
The blood lеaks while the EMTs
Gotta carry her baby likе surrogate mothers
Woah, thank God we survived around where the terrorists hovered
Though traumatized, wouldn't trade it for nothin'
Through hard times, it was there I discovered
A hustle and makin' the best out the struggle
I kept grindin' 'til this day, up a level
Respect mine, gotta stay out of trouble
'Cause TEC-9s like to air out rebuttals
Cole World, niggas knowin' what it is
Just in case they don't, I show 'em what it is
This summer, I do real numbers
Couldn't dare touch it if they sold a double disc
Block hot, niggas burnin' up the street
Shots poppin' and we heard it up the street
It's a war, niggas runnin' up the score
Jesus said that you should turn the other cheek
Was his niggas gettin' murdered every week?
Dead bodies, smell the odor in the street
My homie' homie got out on parole
He sold more Coca-Cola than the soda industry
Summertime bring the coldest winter breeze
Hella blues like the Rollin' 60s
Christ went to Heaven age thirty-three
And so did Pimp C and so did Nipsey
You might also like
I told you, I told you
This shit can go up, it can go down, I don't give a fuck
Nigga, I done seen the highest heights
I done seen it twice
And I've seen the lowest of the lows
And still I rose
Now I'm at your neck, nigga, yeah241Embed


Track: ​t h e . c l i m b . b a c k

Lyrics:
243 ContributorsTranslationsРусскийPortuguês​t h e . c l i m b . b a c k Lyrics
Are you doin' this work to facilitate growth or to become famous?
Which is more important?
Getting or letting go?
You can do anything, anything you can do (You can do anything)
You can do anything, anything you can do (You can do anything)

Everything come back around full circle
Why do lies sound pleasant, but the truth hurtful?
Everybody gotta cry once in a while
But how long will it take 'fore you smile?
This is that come-back-to-life shit
My niggas pick me up and we gon' light the city up as if the sun had the night shift
And paint the town red for my nigga found dead too soon

Yeah
To the left of that decimal, I need seven figures to play the joint
Turn up your decibels, peep how I decimate a joint
Check out my projects like them workers that Section 8 appoints
And you'll see how I flipped like exclamation points
My niggas shoot first as if they never played the point, more two guards
Enough straps to fill four U-Hauls
More death than World War II caused
Around these parts we pour the brown just to drown these thoughts
Of black corpses in county morgues, Lord, those images hauntin'
I ain't been asleep yet, it's ten in the mornin'
I'm sendin' a warnin', a problem with me is like the BET Hip-Hop Awards
I'm startin' to see you niggas don't want it
I'm sick of this flauntin', from niggas I know for sure ain't got mo' dough than Cole
Trash rappers, ass backwards, tryna go toe-to-toe
We laugh at ya, staff strapped up on top the totem pole to blast at ya
Bassmasters, look how they tote a pole
Gotta know the ropes and the protocol
Or they gon' for sure blow your clothes half off like a promo code
Made a lil' tune called "Foldin Clothes," and a nigga still ain't known to fold under pressure
Well, you know what Cole do
Make a diamond, they just rhymin', me, I'm quotin' gold
One phone call get you canceled like a homophobe in this PC culture
Address me as the G.O.A.T. like they call Chief Keef Sosa
In my sectional like a fuckin' three-piece sofa
I'm known as the chosen one
Another dead body lay frozen, that's how it go sometimes
When niggas weighin' coke and not the pros and cons
Well, I ain't with that sleepin' underground like a gopher, so I go for mines
You might also like
Everything come back around full circle (Nigga, gotta go for mines)
Why do lies sound pleasant, but the truth hurtful? (Yeah)
Everybody gotta cry once in a while
But how long will it take 'fore you smile?
This is that come-back-to-life shit
My niggas pick me up and we gon' light the city up as if the sun had the night shift
And paint the town red for my nigga found dead too soon
Now I know why they call it blue m— (Yeah)

Survival at all costs, every day, niggas get logged off
Bodies get hauled off
Passin' a funeral procession while holdin' my breath in the car, I thought
At times, it be feelin' the devil be winnin' but do that mean God lost?
Just got off the phone, my nigga, he back in the kennel, my dog lost
I brought him 'round close to me before but he
Became addicted to clout and all the hoes we'd meet
I slowly peeped jealousy on his breath whenever he spoke to me
Like on the low, he feelin' that in my shoes is where he supposed to be
I tried to ignore the signs, but they're in the back of my mind
It felt like lettin' a nigga come sleep on your couch and he eatin' up all yo' groceries
My nigga repeated this quote to me, I felt its potency
Said, "Most of these niggas gon' hang they selves, just give 'em the rope and see"
Shit, I heeded that, and what got showed to me
Was screamin' that, some niggas, you gotta leave 'em back
Unfortunately we seen the trap
Niggas be on that demon clock resultantly
They fiend to clap as often as the Genius app misquotin' me, uh
Meanwhile, I see that yo' diamonds is glistenin'
I'm glad that you shinin', but need I remind you my niggas is dimin' and nickelin'?
Scrapin' up whatever coin they can find, the pettiest crime, they committin' it
Just to get by for a limited time, the steepest of mountains, they tryin' to climb
I'm here tryna find the derivative, you niggas don't feel me
You see the clout, you don't see the real me
If I was sick, you niggas wouldn't heal me
Therefore I'm healin' myself, gettin' in tune with my God
Slowly revealin' myself, buildin' my wealth
A nigga touch mine, I'ma kill 'em myself, trust me
Everything come back around full circle
Why do lies sound pleasant, but the truth hurtful?
Everybody gotta cry once in a while
But how long will it take 'fore you smile?
This is that come-back-to-life shit
My niggas pick me up and we gon' light the city up as if the sun had the night shift
And paint the town red for my nigga found dead too soon
Now I know why they call it blue m— (Yeah)

Bitch, I'm back outside, nigga
I'm back outside
I'm back outside
I'm back outside
Everybody mentions suicide prevention
Man, they even made a hotline
To call up when there's tension, but I got a question
What about a fuckin' homicide?
Need a number for my niggas to call
Whenever there's a urge to get triggers involved
Need a number for my niggas to call
Whenever there's a urge to get triggers involved236Embed


Track: ​​c l o s e

Lyrics:
124 ContributorsTranslationsEspañolРусскийPortuguêsJ. Cole - c l o s e (Traduzione Italiana)​​c l o s e Lyrics
Yeah
Close
Ville-matic, one, one
One, one, one-two, one
One-two, one, one-two, one
One-two, one, one, listen

Close, I stare at my dreams as they approach
Gotta be patient and trust in God, He the coach
Temptations are taking a shortcut, but I don't
'Cause I ain't tryna be a almost, when I get it, I'ma float
Gone are the days we was close
Now when I see you, I look at you just like a ghost
A shell of your former self, so caught up with that dope
Two niggas singin' two diffеrent notes and you know I gotta coast
Nothin' but a dollar and some hopе
Up in NY, but damn, what hurts me the most
You was a good nigga, we knew each other's folks
Now you gotta ride around with the toast and you keep that shit close
'Cause niggas plottin' on you since you chose
To roll around with the candy paint on spokes
You know 'Ville niggas don't like it when you boast
You know twelve be takin' notes and they watchin' you close
But maybe you don't see 'em 'cause the smoke
Cloudin' your vision from every cigar that you toke
Plus the lean you sippin' which started as a joke
Got you now fiendin' for your next dose, meanwhile I'm so close
Don't even give a fuck that I'm broke
'Cause in my mind I'm rich with shit I done wrote
Therefore I'm convinced that this is supposed to happen
And in time I'ma blow, they gon' label me the GOAT
How long has it been since we spoke?
Last night I jumped up from my sleep, I was soaked
Call it a nightmare, the scene that awoke me
Involved you and niggas I ain't know, they was creepin' up close
I saw the heat tucked in they coats
You didn't notice 'cause you was busy countin' dough
I tried to yell, but nothin' came out of my throat
Niggas cocked back the hammers and you froze, in your eyes I saw hope
Hope of a better way to cope with the pain
And the scars, than the lean and the coke
And I swear in that moment I wish we were still close
Maybe I could've saved you, but no, trigger squeeze, gun smoke
I opened up my eyes with a jolt
Heart pumpin' like Usain Bolt
Reached for my phone, missed calls and a text message note
From my mama sayin' you just got smoked, damn, this life is no joke
You might also like
Close
Fuck113Embed


Track: ​h u n g e r . o n . h i l l s i d e by J. Cole & Bas

Lyrics:
5 ContributorsMaxenn’s Transcriptions LyricsMost Popular Scribes
2,500,000+ views (8)
• "GOOBA" - 6ix9ine | 4,1 million+
• "As It Was" - Harry Styles | 3,8 million+
• "The Box" - Roddy Ricch | 3,5 million+
• "cardigan" - Taylor Swift | 3,2 million+
• "deja vu" - Olivia Rodrigo | 2,8 million+
• "good 4 u" - Olivia Rodrigo | 2,7 million+
• "MONTERO (CMBYN)" - Lil Nas X | 2,6 million+
• "Good Days" - SZA | 2,5 million+
2,500,000 - 1,000,000 views (31)
• "Life Is Good" - Future ft. Drake | 2,4 million+
• "After Hours" - The Weeknd | 2,1 million+
• "Leave The Door Open" - Silk Sonic | 2,1 million+
• "family ties" - Baby Keem & Kendrick Lamar | 2,1 million+
• "Off The Grid" - Kanye West ft. Carti & Fivio Foreign | 2,1 million+
• "Yummy" - Justin Bieber | 2 million+
• "Stuck With U" - JB & Ariana Grande | 2 million+
• "Body (Remix)" - Russ Millions & T. Wayne | 1,9 million+
• "No Time To Die" - Billie Eilish | 1,8 million+
• "Push Ups" - Drake | 1,7 million+
• "Slut!" - Taylor Swift | 1,7 million+
• "Hiss" - Megan Thee Stallion | 1,7 million+
• "willow" - Taylor Swift | 1,6 million+
• "Kiss Me More" - Doja Cat ft. SZA | 1,6 million+
• "Wow." - Post Malone | 1,6 million+
• "Peaches" - Justin Bieber ft. Daniel Caesar & GIVEON | 1,5 million+
• "Laugh Now Cry Later" - Drake ft. Lil Durk | 1,4 million+
• "Slime You Out" - Drake ft. SZA | 1,4 million+
• "Sprinter" - Dave & Central Cee 1,3 million+
• "Savage Remix" - Megan Stallion ft. Beyoncé | 1,2 million+
• "POPSTAR" - DJ Khaled & Drake | 1,1 million+
• "TROLLZ" - 6ix9ine & Nicki Minaj | 1,1 million+
• "Holy" - Justin Bieber ft. Chance The Rapper | 1,1 million+
• "Boy's a liar pt. 2" - PinkPantheress & Ice Spice | 1,1 million+
• "First Person Shooter" - Drake ft. J. Cole | 1,1 million+
• "Myron" - Lil Uzi Vert | 1,1 million+
• "Hollywood's Bleeding" - Post Malone | 1 million+
• "Say So (Remix)" - Doja Cat ft. Nicki Minaj | 1 million+
• "THE SCOTTS" - Travis Scott & Kid Cudi | 1 million+
• "brutal" - Olivia Rodrigo | 1 million+
• "On The Ground" - ROSÉ | 1 million+
1,000,000 - 750,000 views (15)
• "BROWN SKIN GIRL" - Beyoncé & SAINt JHN | 980K+
• "Snow on tha Bluff" - J. Cole | 970K+
• "jealousy, jealousy" - Olivia Rodrigo | 950K+
• "FRANCHISE" - Travis Scott ft. Young Thug & M.I.A. | 915K+
• "i n t e r l u d e" - J. Cole | 900K+
• "Jimmy Cooks" - Drake ft. 21 Savage | 880K+
• "bad vibes forever" - XXXTENTACION ft. Trippie & PnB Rock | 870K+
• "TSU" - Drake | 850K+
• "a m a r i" - J. Cole | 850K+
• "WUSYANAME" - Tyler, The Creator ft. YoungBoy & Ty$ | 840K+
• "Mother I Sober" - Kendrick Lamar | 840K+
• "Champagne Poetry" - Drake | 800K+
• "hope ur ok" - Olivia Rodrigo | 790K+
• "Adventures of Moon Man & Slim - Kid Cudi ft. Eminem | 760K+
• "7am On Bridle Path" - Drake | 760K+
750,000 - 500,000 views (42)
• "Entanglements" - August Alsina & Rick Ross | 740K+
• "NDA" - Billie Eilish | 720K+
• "You Right" - Doja Cat & The Weeknd | 700K+
• "...And to Those I Love..." - $UICIDEBOY$ | 690K+
• "Vultures" - Kanye West & Ty Dolla $ign | 690K+
• "enough for you" - Olivia Rodrigo | 680K+
• "Shirt" - SZA | 680K+
• "CLOUDS" - NF | 680K+
• "Pure Souls" - Kanye West ft. Roddy Ricch | 660K+
• "Hello" - Pop Smoke ft. A Boogie | 650K+
• "Daylight" - David Kushner | 650K+
• "On God" - Kanye West | 640K+
• "When Emma Falls In Love" - Taylor Swift | 630K+
• "Holiday" - Lil Nas X | 630K+
• "K-POP" - Travis Scott ft. Bad Bunny & The Weeknd | 620K+
• "Wonder" - Shawn Mendes | 620K+
• "You're Mines Still (Remix)" - Yung Bleu ft. Drake | 620K+
• "Have Mercy" - Chlöe | 610K+
• "Afterglow" - Ed Sheeran | 610K+
• "Super Freaky Girl" - Nicki Minaj | 600K+
• "Level of Concern" - twenty one pilots | 600K+
• "Those Kinda Nights" - Eminem ft. Ed Sheeran | 600K+
• "Conversations" - Juice WRLD | 600K+
• "Male Fantasy" - Billie Eilish | 600K+
• "Ghost" - Justin Bieber | 590K+
• "Smokin Out The Window" - Silk Sonic | 580K+
• "DAYWALKER!" - Machine Gun Kelly ft. CORPSE | 570K+
• "PTSD" - G Herbo ft. Juice WRLD, Lil Uzi & Chance | 540K+
• "24" - Kanye West | 540K+
• "Mr. Morale" - Kendrick Lamar ft. Tanna Leone | 540K+
• "LET GO" - Central Cee | 540K+
• "Bad Boy" - Juice WRLD & Young Thug | 530K+
• "BREAK MY SOUL" - Beyoncé | 530K+
• "Friday Night Cypher" - Big Sean & Detroit | 530K+
• "New Again" - Kanye West ft. Chris Brown | 530K+
• "What's Next" - Drake | 520K+
• "Starlight" - Dave | 510K+
• "The Woo" - Pop Smoke ft. 50 Cent & Roddy Ricch | 510K+
• "Oxytocin" - Billie Eilish | 510K+
• "Clash" - Dave & Stormzy | 510K+
• "TOPIA TWINS" - Travis Scott ft. Rob49 & 21 Savage | 500K+
• "Rumors" - Lizzo & Cardi B | 500K+
500,000 - 400,000 views (17)
• "SORRY NOT SORRY" - DJ Khalid ft. Jay-Z & Nas | 490K+
• "Getting Older" - Billie Eilish | 490K+
• "Roses (Remix)" - SAINt JHN | 470K+
• "Stoned at the Nail Salon" - Lorde | 470K+
• "I Know" - Polo G | 470K+
• "Anyone" - Demi Lovato | 460K+
• "Beautiful stranger // finally" - Halsey | 450K+
• "B.I.T.C.H." - Megan Thee Stallion | 450K+
• "Lost Cause" - Billie Eilish | 450K+
• "FUK SUMN" - Kanye West & Ty$ ft. Playboi Carti & Travis Scott | 450K+
• "Shivers" - Ed Sheeran | 450K+
• "Start wit Me" - Roddy Ricch ft. Gunna | 450K+
• "Wash Us in the Blood" - Kanye West ft. Travis Scott | 440K+
• "Body" - Russ Millions & Tion Wayne | 430K+
• "h u n g e r . o n . h i l l s i d e" - J. Cole | 430K+
• "Mad Max" - Lil Durk & Future | 420K+
• "Book Of Rhymes" - Eminem | 420K+
400,000 - 300,000 views (38)
• "Hands On" - Kanye West | | 390K+
• "Little Engine" - Eminem | 390K+
• "MAFIA" - Travis Scott ft. J. Cole | 380K+
• "Broadway Girls" - Lil Durk | 380K+
• "Go Stupid" - Polo G, Stunna & NLE Choppa | 380K+
• "Is This Love" - Eminem & 50 Cent | 380K+
• "Diamonds" - Sam Smith | 380K+
• "SUN GOES DOWN" - Lil Nas X | 370K+
• "Wild Side" - Normani ft. Cardi B | 370K+
• "Toxic" - Kehlani | 365K+
• "Epidemic" - Polo G | 365K+
• "Motley Crew" - Post Malone | 365K+
• "Shy Away" - twenty one pilots | 360K+
• "Who Needs Love" - Trippie Redd | 355K+
• "Overcompensate" - twenty one pilots | 350K+
• "Bongos" - Cardi B & Megan Thee Stallion | 350K+
• "Cobra" - Megan Thee Stallion | 350K+
• "No Shame" - 5 Seconds of Summer | 350K+
• "forget me too" - MGK ft. Halsey | 350K+
• "Race My Mind" - Drake | 350K+
• "Attention" - Doja Cat | 350K+
• "Commercial" - Lil Baby ft. Lil Uzi Vert | 345K+
• "Scorpion Intro" - Drake | 340K+
• "Stuck On You" - Giveon | 340K+
• "In The Fire" - Dave | 335K+
• "Super Gremlin" - Kodak Black | 330K+
• "Do We Have A Problem?" - Nicki Minaj & Lil Baby | 330K+
• "Lie Lie Lie" - Joshua Bassett | 330K+
• "Woods" - Mac Miller | 330K+
• "Like Me" - Pop Smoke | 315K+
• "D4L" - Drake, Future & Young Thug | 315K+
• "Renegade" - Big Red Machine ft. Taylor Swift | 310K+
• "Text Book" - Lana Del Rey | 310K+
• "20/20" - Lil Tjay | 310K+
• "EPMD 2" - Nas ft. Eminem & EPMD | 305K+
• "Memories" - Conan Gray | 300K+
• "Verdansk" - Dave | 300K+
• "Cold Heart" - Elton John & Dua Lipa | 300K+
300,000 - 200,000 views (108)
• "Choker" - twenty one pilots | 295K+
• "Be Something" - Polo G ft. Lil Baby | 295K+
• "Heatin Up" - Lil Baby & Gunna | 295K+
• "Headshot" - Lil Tjay, Polo G & Fivio Foreign | 290K+
• "Get Back" - Pop Smoke | 295K+
• "Copy Of A Copy Of A Copy" - Louis Tomlinson | 290K+
• "I Love Me" - Demi Lovato | 290K+
• "MODUS" - Joji | 290K+
• "Sasuke" - Lil Uzi Vert | 285K+
• "Ashley" - Halsey | 285K+
• "From Florida With Love" - Drake | 285K+
• "Your Heart" - Joyner Lucas & J. Cole | 285K+
• "Off My Face" - Justin Bieber | 285K+
• "School Globes" - XXXTENTACION & Lil Nas X | 285K+
• "Red Ruby Da Sleeze" - Nicki Minaj | 280K+
• "Johnny P's Caddy" - Benny The Butcher & J. Cole | 280K+
• "What That Speed Bout" - Mike WiLL ft. YoungBoy & Nicki Minaj | 280K+
• "Graduation" - benny blanco & Juice WRLD | 280K+
• "Flex" - Polo G ft. Juice WRLD | 280K+
• "Blue Banisters" - Lana Del Rey | 280K+
• "Ramen & OJ" - Joyner Lucas & Lil Baby | 280K+
• "LA Leakers Freestyle" - J. Cole | 280K+
• "How I Rock (Tooka Pack)" - King Von ft. Polo G | 275K+
• "In A Minute" - Lil Baby | 270K+
• "OverHeated" - Billie Eilish | 270K+
• "We Don't Trust You" - Future & Metro Boomin | 270K+
• "play this when i'm gone" - Machine Gun Kelly | 270K+
• "TRUST" - NF | 270K+
• "Own It" - Stormzy ft. Ed Sheeran | 270K+
• "I'M ON ONE" - Future ft. Drake | 270K+
• "vent" - Baby Keem | 270K+
• "People Watching" - Conan Gray | 270K+
• "Talk" - Yeat | 265K+
• "All Me" - Kehlani | 265K+
• "Obsessed With You" - Central Cee | 260K+
• "Every Hour" - Kanye West | 260K+
• "Betrayal" - Trippie Redd ft. Drake | 260K+
• "Met Him Last Night" - Demi Lovato ft. Ariana Grande | 260K+
• "Boyfriend" - Selena Gomez | 255K+
• "Forever" - Justin Bieber ft. Post Malone & Clever | 255K+
• "Show of Hands" - Future & Metro Boomin ft. A$AP Rocky | 250K+
• "BODYGUARD" - Beyoncé | 250K+
• "lost souls (remix)" - Baby Keem ft. Brent Faiyaz | 250K+
• "Single Soon" - Selena Gomez | 250K+
• "Smile" - Katy Perry | 250K+
• "iPHONE" - DaBaby & Nicki Minaj | 250K+
• "Rich Nigga Shit" - 21 Savage & Metro Boomin ft. Young Thug | 250K+
• "Down Like That" - KSI ft. Rick Ross & Lil Baby | 250K+
• "Walkthrough!" - GRIP ft. Eminem | 250K+
• "JUST LIKE YOU" - NF | 245K+
• "AMERICA HAS A PROBLEM" - Beyoncé ft. Kendrick Lamar | 240K+
• "fue mejor (Remix)" - Kali Uchis & SZA | 240K+
• "Wishing For A Hero" - Polo G | 240K+
• "Let Me Love You Like A Woman" - Lana Del Ray | 240K+
• "90MH" - TREFUEGO | 240K+
• "Believe" - Meek Mill ft. Justin Timberlake | 240K+
• "Triumph" - XXXTENTACION | 240K+
• "Cardigan" - Don Toliver | 240K+
• "durag activity" - Baby Keem & Travis Scott | 240K+
• "Daddy" - Blueface ft. Rich The Kid | 235K+
• "Modern Loneliness" - Lauv | 230K+
• "Wasting Time" - Brent Faiyaz ft. Drake | 230K+
• "Venetia" - Lil Uzi Vert | 230K+
• "Writing On The Wall" - French Montana ft. Posty & Cardi B | 230K+
• "Grrrls" - Lizzo | 230K+
• "Vegas" - Doja Cat | 230K+
• "Wiley Flow" - Stormzy | 230K+
• "Show Out" - Kid Cudi ft. Pop Smoke & Skepta | 230K+
• "Straightenin" - Migos | 230K+
• "Unstable" - Justin Bieber ft. Kid LAROI | 230K+
• "Heart Attack" - Dave | 230K+
• "M3tamorphosis" - Playboi Carti ft. Kid Cudi | 230K+
• "Deep Reverence" - Big Sean ft. Nipsey Hussle | 225K+
• "UGLY" - XXXTENTACION | 225K+
• "Put A Little Love On Me" - Niall Horan | 225K+
• "Trap" - SAINt JHN ft. Lil Baby | 220K+
• "Whole Lotta Choppas (Remix)" - Sada Baby ft. Nicki Minaj | 220K+
• "The Invitation" - Nick Cannon | 220K+
• "Everybody" - Mac Miller | 215K+
• "Reminds Me Of You" - Kid LAROI & Juice WRLD | 215K+
• "Doomsday Pt. 2" - Eminem | 215K+
• "What's The Move?" - Young Thug ft. Lil Uzi Vert | 215K+
• "Poppin" - KSI ft. Lil Pump & Smokepurpp | 215K+
• "D.M.B" - A$AP Rocky | 210K+
• "Eleven" - Khalid | 210K+
• "What A Man Gotta Do" - Jonas Brothers | 210K+
• "All These Niggas" - King Von ft. Lil Durk | 210K+
• "Pretty Please" - Dua Lipa | 210K+
• "Nail Tech" - Jack Harlow | 210K+
• "Breathe Deeper" - Tame Impala | 210K+
• "Should've Ducked" - Lil Durk ft. Pooh Shiesty | 210K+
• "Clueless" - Polo G ft. Fivio & Pop Smoke | 205K+
• "As I Am" - Justin Bieber ft. Khalid | 205K+
• "Move On" - Lil Tjay | 205K+
• "MAMMAMIA" - Måneskin | 205K+
• "BUSY / SIRENS" - Saba | 205K+
• "Nice To Meet Ya" - Meghan Trainor ft. Nicki Minaj | 205K+
• "A-O-K" - Tai Verdes | 205K+
• "SPAGHETTII" - Beyoncé ft. Shaboozey | 200K+
• "Double Fantasy" - The Weeknd ft. Future | 200K+
• "Let Me Calm Down" - Nicki Minaj ft. J. Cole | 200K+
• "B.B. King Freestyle" - Lil Wayne ft. Drake | 200K+
• "Tommy Lee" - Tyla Yaweh ft. Post Malone | 200K+
• "TYRANT" - Beyoncé | 200K+
• "BIG PURR (Prrdd)" - Coi Leray ft. Pooh Shiesty | 200K+
• "Blick Blick" - Coi Leray & Nicki Minaj | 200K+
• "Sweet" - Lana Del Rey | 200K+
• "The Joker And The Queen" - Ed Sheeran | 200K+
• "Rondo" - 6IX9INE ft. Young Thug & Tory Lanez | 200K+
200,000 - 150,000 views (82)
• "Hold On" - Lil Tjay | 199K+
• "Wolves" - Big Sean ft. Post Malone | 199K+
• "Bring The Hook" - NBA YoungBoy | 195K+
• "Plan B" - Megan Thee Stallion | 195K+
• "The Void" - Kid Cudi | 195K+
• "Houdini" - KSI | 195K+
• "Over Now" - Calvin Harris & The Weeknd | 195K+
• "Javari" - J. Cole | 190K+
• "My Dawg" - 21 Savage & Metro Boomin | 190K+
• "Stories About My Brother" - Drake | 190K+
• "Wandered To LA" - Juice WRLD & Justin Bieber | 190K+
• "Don't Go Yet" - Camila Cabello | 190K+
• "Life Support" - NBA YoungBoy | 190K+
• "numb the pain" - XXXTENTACION | 190K+
• "Holiday" - KSI | 190K+
• "COUNT ON ME" - BROCKHAMPTON | 190K+
• "Single Soon" - Selena Gomez | 190K+
• "because i liked a boy" - Sabrina Carpenter | 185K+
• "Late at Night" - Roddy Ricch | 185K+
• "Patience" - KSI ft. YUNGBLUD & Polo G | 185K+
• "Another Day" - Kid Cudi | 185K+
• "DO IT" - Kanye West & Ty Dolla $ign | 185K+
• "Forever" - Lil Baby ft. Lil Wayne | 185K+
• "Calamity" - ZAYN | 185K+
• "Cut You Off" - Selena Gomez | 180K+
• "Never Worn White" - Katy Perry | 180K+
• "XS" - Rina Sawayama | 180K+
• "Lilith" - Halsey | 180K+
• "Karma (Remix)" - Taylor Swift ft. Ice Spice | 180K+
• "Hot Shit" - Cardi B ft. Kanye West & Lil Durk | 175K+
• "DRIFTING" - NF | 175K+
• "Reputation" - Post Malone | 175K+
• "You Better Move" - Lil Uzi Vert | 175K+
• "GANG GANG" - Polo G & Lil Wayne | 175K+
• "We Go High" - Chance The Rapper | 175K+
• "Lonely Heart" - 5 Seconds of Summer | 175K+
• "On My Own" - Jaden ft. Kid Cudi | 175K+
• "Black Hearted" - Polo G | 175K+
• "Thin White Lies" - 5 Seconds of Summer | 175K+
• "Doomsday" - Juice WRLD & Cordae | 170K+
• "Beautiful Mind" - Polo G | 170K+
• "Richer" - Rod Wave ft. Polo G | 170K+
• "Family and Loyalty" - Gang Starr ft. J. Cole | 170K+
• "STORY" - NF | 170K+
• "Cool" - Dua Lipa | 170K+
• "Better Days" - Neiked, Mae Muller & Polo G | 170K+
• "The Outside" - twenty one pilots | 170K+
• "Kacey Talk" - NBA YoungBoy | 170K+
• "Yosemite" - Lana Del Rey | 170K+
• "papercuts" - MGK | 170K+
• "Saturday" - twenty one pilots | 165K+
• "Satish" - Tee Grizzley | 165K+
• "Ain't It Different" - Headie One ft. AJ Tracey & Stormzy | 165K+
• "My Oasis" - Sam Smith ft. Burna Boy | 165K+
• "Snitching" - Pop Smoke ft. Quavo & Future | 165K+
• "BUZZCUT" - BROCKHAMPTON ft. Danny Brown | 165K+
• "Ya'aburnee" - Halsey | 165K+
• "STAYING ALIVE" - DJ Khaled ft. Drake & Lil Baby | 160K+
• "KEYS TO MY LIFE" - Kanye West & Ty Dolla $ign | 160K+
• "LOST" - Linkin Park | 160K+
• "LIMBO" - XXXTENTACION | 160K+
• "Prayer" - Kendrick Lamar | 160K+
• "Crowded Room" - Selena Gomez & 6LACK | 160K+
• "Happiness" - The 1975 | 160K+
• "Jigsaw" - Conan Gray | 160K+
• "Big Stepper" - Roddy Ricch | 155K+
• "Voice of the Heroes" - Lil Baby & Lil Durk | 155K+
• "Monica Lewinsky" - SAINt JHN ft. A Boogie | 155K+
• "Mulberry Street" - twenty one pilots | 155K+
• "Wild at Heart" - Lana Del Rey | 155K+
• "Love Sick" - Trippie Redd | 155K+
• "XXL Cypher 2019" - DaBaby, Megan, Lil Mosey & Osiris | 155K+
• "PROTECTOR" - Beyoncé ft. Rumi Carter | 150K+
• "Only a Matter of Time" - Joshua Bassett | 150K+
• "all of me" - 21 Savage | 150K+
• "Catch The Sun" - Lil Baby | 150K+
• "Chemical" - Post Malone | 150K+
• "ATTENTION!" - XXXTENTACION | 150K+
• "Mood Swings" - A Boogie Wit da Hoodie | 150K+
• "Dropped Out" - Playboi Carti | 150K+
• "I Am What I Am" - King Von ft. Fivio Foreign | 150K+
• "THAT'S A JOKE" - NF | 150K+
150,000 - 100,000 views (99)
• "Zodiac Sign" - Drake ft. Jessie Reyez | 148K+
• "Julia" - Lauv | 148K+
• "Survivor's Guilt" - Dave | 148K+
• "No Time" - KSI ft. Lil Durk | 148K+
• "lost souls" - Baby Keem | 145K+
• "Dark But Just a Game" - Lana Del Rey | 145K+
• "transparent soul" - Willow | 145K+
• "WISH" - Denzel Curry | 145K+
• "Loved By You" - Justin Bieber ft. Burna Boy | 145K+
• "Brain & Heart" - Melanie Martinez | 145K+
• "Skate" - Silk Sonic | 145K+
• "Broke As Fuck" - YBN Cordae | 145K+
• "Know Your Worth" - Khalid & Disclosure | 145K+
• "Nasty" - DaBaby ft. Megan Stallion & Ashanti | 145K+
• "me & ur ghost" - blackbear | 145K+
• "GNF (OKOKOK)" - Polo G | 145K+
• "Sandman" - A$AP Rocky | 145K+
• "Up From The Ashes" - Kanye West | 145K+
• "Bali" - Rich Brian & Guapdad 4000 | 145K+
• "Go Hard" - Lil Baby | 145K+
• "The Voice" - Lil Durk | 140K+
• "Bleed" - A Boogie wit da Hoodie | 140K+
• "Everybody Business" - Kehlani | 140K+
• "Girl is a Gun" - Halsey | 140K+
• "Wet Vagina" - Doja Cat | 135K+
• "Parade On Cleveland" - Young Thug ft. Drake | 135K+
• "Beat The Odds" - Lil Tjay | 135K+
• "All Bad" - Future ft. Lil Uzi | 135K+
• "LAYERS" - NF | 135K+
• "MAZZA" - slowthai & A$AP Rocky | 135K+
• "Red Eye" - NBA YoungBoy | 135K+
• "Can You Blame Me" - Kehlani ft. Lucky Daye | 135K+
• "drive ME crazy!" - Lil Yachty | 135K+
• "Heaven On Earth" - Kid Cudi | 130K+
• "She" - Selena Gomez | 130K+
• "Chase / glass shards" - XXXTENTACION | 130K+
• "4 Da Gang" - 42 Dugg & Roddy Ricch | 130K+
• "NOIZE" - Jaden ft. Tyler, The Creator | 130K+
• "Eurovision" - Central Cee | 130K+
• "No Excuses" - NF | 130K+
• "Deserve You" - Justin Bieber | 130K+
• "DND" - Polo G | 125K+
• "Pelle Coat" - Lil Durk | 125K+
• "What You Need" - Don Toliver | 125K+
• "the BLACK seminole." - Lil Yachty | 125K+
• "Otherside of America" - Meek Mill | 125K+
• "Go In" - Lil Tjay | 120K+
• "Twenty To One" - Dave | 125K+
• "Bout a Million" - Pop Smoke ft. 42 Dugg & 21 Savage | 125K+
• "Cooler Than A Bitch" - Gunna ft. Roddy Ricch | 125K+
• "ZAZA" - 6IX9INE | 125K+
• "Dior (Remix)" - Pop Smoke ft. Gunna | 120K+
• "Titanium" - Dave | 120K+
• "I Lied" - Joyner Lucas | 120K+
• "High School In Jakarta" - NIKI | 120K+
• "Upgrade" - Joji | 120K+
• "High" - Miley Cyrus | 115K+
• "Over Your Head" - Future & Lil Uzi Vert | 115K+
• "all i know" - MGK ft. Trippie Redd | 115K+
• "MOMMA TALK" - Tyler, The Creator | 115K+
• "Some' To Rap About" - Freddie Gibbs ft. Tyler, The Creator | 115K+
• "Bounce Man" - twenty one pilots | 115K+
• "1985" - Freddie Gibbs | 115K+
• "2010" - Earl Sweatshirt | 115K+
• "Kill Bill (Remix)" - SZA ft. Doja Cat | 115K+
• "Fly As Me" - Silk Sonic | 115K+
• "MOTTO" - NF | 115K+
• "concert for aliens" - MGK | 115K+
• "Never Take It" - twenty one pilots | 115K+
• "Pricey" - J. Cole ft. Ari Lennox, Young Dro & Gucci Mane | 110K+
• "Up All Night" - Khalid | 110K+
• "Something Real" - Chris Brown & Summer Walker | 110K+
• "Luv Is Art" - A Boogie ft. Lil Uzi | 110K+
• "Take You Back" - Russ & Kehlani | 110K+
• "The Other Side" - Justin Timberlake & SZA | 110K+
• "Dial Drunk" - Noah Kahan ft. Post Malone | 110K+
• "I'm Ready" - Sam Smith & Demi Lovato | 110K+
• "Telepath" - Conan Gray | 110K+
• "YUKON (INTERLUDE)" - Joji | 110K+
• "Fall Slowly" - Joyner Lucas ft. Ashanti | 110K+
• "React" - The Pussycat Dolls | 110K+
• "Even/Part" - Olivia Rodrigo & Joshua Bassett | 110K+
• "Speak" - Jhené Aiko | 110K+
• "No Auto" - Lil Uzi Vert ft. Lil Durk | 110K+
• "Pray 4 Love" - Rod Wave | 110K+
• "Feather" - Sabrina Carpenter | 110K+
• "the ride-" - Lil Yachty ft. Teezo Touchdown | 105K+
• "Night Crawling" - Miley Cyrus | 105K+
• "ZTFO" - Big Sean | 105K+
• "Put On a Smile" - Silk Sonic | 105K+
• "Dragonball Durag" - Thundercat | 105K+
• "DON'T SHOOT UP THE PARTY" - BROCKHAMPTON | 105K+
• "THE_EVIL..." - $UICIDEBOY$ | 105K+
• "Better Believe" - Belly ft. Young Thug & The Weeknd | 105K+
• "St. Lucia" - Future | 105K+
• "LTDP (FUCK BET)" - Lil Nas X & YoungBoy | 105K+
• "midnight love" - girl in red | 100K+
• "For My Hand" - Burna Boy ft. Ed Sheeran | 100K+
• "THE LIGHT P. II" - BROCKHAMPTON | 100K+
100,000 - 90,000 views (39)
• "Lust" - SAINt JHN ft. Janelle Kroll | 99K+
• "JUMP" - Lil Durk & King Von ft. Memo600 & Booka600 | 99K+
• "Love in My Pocket" - Rich Brian | 99K+
• "Mourning" - Post Malone | 99K+
• "whispers indistinctly" - $UICIDEBOY$ | 99K+
• "Tides" - Ed Sheeran | 99K+
• "Man In The Mirror" - A Boogie | 97K+
• "Twisted" - French Montana ft. A$AP Rocky, Juicy J & Logic | 97K+
• "BROKEN GIRLS" - Saba | 97K+
• "Windowsill" - ZAYN | 97K+
• "Past Life" - Trevor Daniel & Selena Gomez | 97K+
• "Instant Destiny" - Tame Impala | 97K+
• "Adonis Interlude" - J. Cole | 95K+
• "Escape From BABYLON" - $UICIDEBOY$ | 95K+
• "Come Through" - H.E.R. ft. Chris Brown | 95K+
• "The Man, The Myth, The Legend - Juice WRLD | 95K+
• "Just So You Remember" - Pusha T | 95K+
• "Three Rivers" - Dave | 95K+
• "Freaky Girls" Megan Thee Stallion ft. SZA | 95K+
• "Fake" - Lauv & Conan Gray | 94K+
• "Kody Blue 31" - JID | 92K+
• "CALLIGRAPHY" - Saba | 92K+
• "Fallen Star" - The Neighbourhood | 92K+
• "Riot" - Lil Skies | 92K+
• "Beat It" - Future & Metro Boomin | 90K+
• "System" - Dave & Wizkid | 90K+
• "Lotus (Intro)" - Jhené Aiko | 90K+
• "Fearless (Taylor's version)" - Taylor Swift | 90K+
• "BIG PAPER" - DJ Khaled & Cardi B | 90K+
• "LOGOUT" - Saba ft. Chance The Rapper | 90K+
• "Not In The Mood" - Lil Tjay ft. Fivio Foreign & Kay Flock | 90K+
• "That Go!" - YSL, Young Thug ft. Meek Mill & T-Shyne | 90K+
• "The Jackie" - J. Cole & Bas ft. Lil Tjay | 90K+
• "Posted with Demons" - Future | 90K+
• "Shouldn't Matter..." - John Mayer | 90K+
• "WITHOUT YOU (Remix)" - The Kid LAROI ft. Miley Cyrus | 90K+
• "ringtone (remix)" - 100 gecs | 90K+
• "Scared Money" - YG ft. J. Cole & Moneybagg Yo | 90K+
• "Sweetheart" - Pop Smoke ft. Fivio Foreign | 90K+12Embed


Album: Might Delete Later - April 05, 2024

1. Pricey by J. Cole & Ari Lennox (Ft. Gucci Mane & Young Dro)
2. Crocodile Tearz
3. Ready '24 (Ft. Cam'ron)
4. Huntin' Wabbitz
5. H.Y.B. by J. Cole, Bas & Central Cee
6. Fever
7. Stickz N Stonez
8. Pi (Ft. Ab-Soul & Daylyt)
9. Stealth Mode by J. Cole & Bas
10. 3001
11. Trae The Truth in Ibiza
12. 7 Minute Drill

Track: Pricey by J. Cole & Ari Lennox (Ft. Gucci Mane & Young Dro)

Lyrics:
105 ContributorsPricey Lyrics
Reach for my dog 'fore his shit get dicey
Shinin’ now, you never seen a clique get icy
Watchin' my step, tryna look just like me
Nigga, you can try, but this shit get pricey
Nigga, you can try, but this shit get pricey
Nigga, you can try, but this shit get pricey
Nigga, you can try, but this shit get pricey
Nigga, you can try, but this shit—

Uh
Climbed up out the trenches as a shorty with intentions
To switch my whip as much as Rick and Morty switch dimensions
Never really known for dressin' gaudy, bitch, ’cause listen
Where I'm from, the bullets feed the ones that's starvin' for attention
She say, "He hella smart, I would've sworе he went to Princeton"
Not quitе, but it's the school of life that taught me death prevention
That's why I barely panic when the hammers, they be blammin'
No mechanics, but they snuck inside the party with the wrenches
I think fast ’cause niggas that be tardy get detention
Your soul lookin’ down over your body in suspension
The critics, they be on me, but they all be disingenuous
Bitch, I came up 'round addiction, seen like forty interventions
Your shit ain’t addin' up, know you a phoney, checked your image
Rappin' tough, but all them niggas in your audience is bitches
And white boys mostly, niggas know a verse from Cole be like a signed Michael Jordan rookie card in mint condition
The farthest thing from harbor shit, be honest with me, listen
You know if I want it, I be John Gotti with the henchmen
Right? I mean, it's simple math, a bit of cash can get a nigga bag
But that don’t make you big and bad, just mean you rich and mad
Nigga, your pillow soft, so kill the boss talk
Me to you's a cyanide pill to a lil' cough drop
This the Ville, filled of hard knocks, they sellin' hard rock
More plugs than these niggas use to fill a bald spot
And kill 'em all and fill a morgue up
I got bars forever, nigga, never will a call drop
No hammer like a mall cop
Still the hardest nigga on the planet earth from January first until the ball drop
You might also like
Yeah, he climbed out the great Ville, that's gangster
He missed meals to make mills, that's gangster
Then came back and gave back, that's gangster
Same chick from way back, he's gangster
Reach for my dog 'fore his shit get dicey
Shinin' now, you never seen a clique get icy
Watchin' my step, tryna look just like me
Nigga, you can try, but this shit get pricey
Nigga, you can try, but this shit get pricey
Nigga, you can try, but this shit get pricey
Nigga, you can try, but this shit get pricey
Nigga, you can try

Uh, just hit the paper and roll you a spliff, I'm lit, bitch, I'm lit
Just like the Vegas strip, blowin' through chips, I'm rich, bitch, I'm rich
David Chapelle on his latest Netflix
Go 'head, try to cancel my shit
I'll still be on stage with my hand on my dick
Seventeen thousand all jammin' my hits
These are ridiculous times
Lately, my biggest addiction been lookin' online
Where somebody's always offended, I'm sick of this cryin'
Niggas is dyin', victims of time
Self-inflicted, we sick in the mind
What's with the gossip? If you really handled your business, then you wouldn't have so much interest in mines
Breakin' news, I've officially entered my prime
Which is real interesting, this is the point where a rapper would typically start to decline
Somehow I climbed
Right when you thought I was fine, we're runnin' a little behind
Nipsey was tryin' to tell you this a marathon
Only listen to Minister Farrakhan
Oh my God, it just hit me, it's terrifyin'
I'm a star like the shit on the sheriff sign
If time was really money, I could purchase like two thousand bricks with my spare time
All praises due to my God
Dark days is too far behind
I part ways with the struggle, my hustle gon' always keep the squad paid
All labor, no off days 'cause the money don't sleep
And due to the focus, I couldn't even go broke if I spend like five hundred a week
And talk is cheap, I got a short receipt, can tell by your heart, you're weak
One thing 'bout this money, it's easy to get it, but trust me, my nigga, it's hard to keep
Yeah, he climbed out the great Ville, that's gangster
He missed meals to make mills, that's gangster
Then came back and gave back, that's gangster
Same chick from way back, he's gangster

Reach for my dog 'fore his shit get dicey
Shinin' now, you never seen a clique get icy
Watchin' my step, tryna look just like me
Nigga, you can try, but this shit get pricey
Nigga, you can try, but this shit get pricey
Nigga, you can try, but this shit get pricey
Nigga, you can try, but this shit get pricey
Nigga, you can try
The trials and tribulations of creation
It's a quiet theme of those in dire need of elevation
One minute, infatuation
Next minute, hatin' every statement you makin'
Constant contemplation
Yearnin' for hooks uncanny, search every nook and cranny for inspiration
Step outside for better ventilation
Smoke somethin', hope somethin' comes from the stimulation
Through it all, stay patient
Get in tune with God
For when lightnin' strikes, it's He who decides
We from a crueler side where the youth get euthanized
Small fries get suicide for movin' pies
All while blind eyes get turned from suit and ties
The truth, it lies somewhere in the middle
Of half-ass rappers and cap-ass crackers on Capital Hill
Ain't no protection for hearts that get spilled
When sharin' with this world with art can get killed
Use your discretion
To believe or not to believe? That is the question
Might Delete Later1Embed


Track: Crocodile Tearz

Lyrics:
84 ContributorsTranslationsPortuguêsCrocodile Tearz Lyrics
Uh
Yeah
Turn it all up
Powered up
I'm powered up
I'm powered up
I'm powered up
It's powered up

Yeah, said I was finished but I'm on another two summers
Hall of famer, hungrier than all the newcomers
Niggas swear they compare, but the truth humble
They get fucked one twelve, you couldn't do numbers
Hey, tell the label I got A's all throughout math
That mean I'm keen on the numbers and I count fast
You know it's money that you owe me, niggas phony
And I'm Joaquin Phoenix, walk the line, I'm about cash
Benjamin Button gettin' younger as the hours pass
Should do the Freshman cover twice, I'm never outclassed
It's not a rap nigga breathin' that could outlast
The Fall Off is like Hov droppin' Reasonable Doubt last
We from the South where we learn all about stashin'
Where niggas prone to shoot first and run they mouth last
And if you run your mouth, bitch, you goin' out sad
Whole clique gettin' slid on, you a mouse pad
I'm the one that niggas fear on the lowski
Heard 'em talkin' like we peers but they grossly
Mistaken and it's blatant
Crocodile tears, niggas know I'm on a tier that they don't see
My dogs only shed tears in emojis
We in another hemisphere splittin' proceeds
How dare a nigga rub his hands on this trophy?
I vividly remember who was there
You might also like
Niggas hit my line when they want somethin'
That's a dub, it ain't love if it cost somethin'
Niggas hit my phone up when they need somethin'
I can't recall a time when you gave me somethin'
Chopped off the top, nigga, I achieved somethin'
Drop down, bitch, let me see somethin'
Niggas hit my phone up when they need somethin'
I can't recall a time when you gave me somethin'

March 16 in the fuckin' teen summit
The boys kiss ring when they see the king come in
They know I run things like the police comin'
Yes, sir, it's me, not two, not three
The uno, G-O-A-T, I need my fee, fuck kudos
G4 at least, these flights ain't cheap as you know
They sound faded, they downgraded, they Pluto
I'm bigger than Mars, this nigga a star, I'm Bruno
I'm the one they call when they want a song to a funeral
Can't fuck with broads, what y'all niggas on? Hoes Communal
I'm sendin' flawed niggas to the Lord, hm
And you know it
Two six, truth spit, I'm a poet
I move slick on 'em so they got no clue where I be, uh
Do it look like I fool with IG, bitch?
She got too many followers
Word 'round the Ville, she a real deal swallower
Niggas bite their hands, so my heart turn hollower
Talkin' bout "Holla," nah, nigga, I ain't callin' ya
Niggas hit my line when they want somethin'
That's a dub, that ain't love if it cost somethin'
Niggas hit my phone up when they need somethin'
I can't recall a time when you gave me somethin'
Chopped off the top, nigga, I achieved somethin'
Drop down, bitch, let me see somethin'
Niggas hit my phone up when they need somethin'
I can't recall a time when you gave me somethin'3Embed


Track: Ready '24 (Ft. Cam'ron)

Lyrics:
63 ContributorsReady ’24 Lyrics
Yes (Yo, Killa, Killa)
Flee Farms, boy
(Yeah, we leavin', uh, Tuesday, we gon' fly to London)
Fuck with me, Harlem (Yeah)
I promise niggas
I guarantee it, I put my stamp of fuckin' authenticity, nigga
Ain't no nigga better than me in this fuckin' planet, I swear to God

Bitch, I'm on my shit again
I don't be sittin' 'round thinkin' what I could've been
I'ma do it now, I told mama I'ma do her proud
I do what I want, you niggas do what you allowed
My dog blew the loud into a cloud
These verses heinous, so of course they trainers threw in towels
Cole World, I got too much style
Designer or not, I just pulled your bitch with no line-up and Crocs
Where I'm from, fiends line up for rocks
Young niggas line up for Glocks
Talk slick, one shot, aw shit, forensics outlinin' your socks
Poor decision, mortician alpinin' your box
Raw pitchin', court vision, dishin' pounds on the block
You think you 'bout to get this shit over-the-counter? You're not
Ain't no prescription for this shit, you can't just dial up the doc'
My nigga wicked with the wrist, he whipped it out of a pot
From a powder to rock solid, then count up the profits
You ain't gotta sell that shit no more, I got it on lock, I told you
You might also like
Woo
Ooh, shit, nigga

I ain't finished yet, not by a long shot
Cole never snooze, won't even stop my alarm clock
Shout to Ryan Coog', that shit was scary to view
'Cause a nigga's worst fear is gettin' stopped by the wrong cop, uh
Or gettin' shot on his own block
That's why niggas keep the chrome cocked, my palms cocked
Homes in three different timezones, it don't stop
Olympic-level divin', bitch, I promise I won't flop, uh
This how it feel to be on top
I used to see fiends lookin' for crack like they phone dropped
So fuck what you talkin' 'bout
I aimed for the stars and hit, shit was a long shot
I'm tryna get more bread than Patrick Mahomes got
Short-term vision ain't gon' get you the long yachts
'Ville nigga, used to cash my check at the pawn shop
My second worst fear is stickin' dick in the wrong thot
'Cause child support supervision is gon' knock
It's crystal clear, bitch, I got the vision y'all don't got

Yes (Stupid), yes (Killa, Killa)
Here we go
I'm ready, I'm ready (Uh)
Been ready, let's go (Look)
Homie thought he caught him a killer, I intercepted her (Swish)
Deceptive, not at all, I wasn't with disrespectin' her
But I stood my ground, I wasn't with all the beggin' her
Know that I'm flee and nothin' I do is regular (Matter fact)
Matter fact, do irregular on the regular
With the trappers, robbers, next day, at the senator's (True)
But what to do with us? (Us?), gettin' loot with us (Yes)
Then the coupe with us (What else?), then hit the stu' with us
You see my crew, boo? Yeah, it's only a few of us (True)
You gettin' money, honey? That'll make two of us (Woo)
Takin' what I'm supposed to get, not all, most of it
Paper tags, poppin' tags, no tag, you know I'm it
I don't know if you people noticed it
But niggas had to give me six feet before the COVID hit (Swear they did)
Or you'll be six feet deep like when I load the clip (Baow)
Early bird, and the can of worms, you opened it (True)
Still hittin' old girl (Girl), still make her toes curl (Curl)
Killa Cam and Cole World, y'all niggas ready? (Yes)1Embed


Track: Huntin' Wabbitz

Lyrics:
75 ContributorsHuntin’ Wabbitz Lyrics
Shh
Be very, very quiet
I'm huntin' wabbits
Goddamn (Uh)

Fuck runnin' in place, I'd never do that, my destination is runnin' the map
I'll run in your trap like, "Run me your work 'fore somebody get hurt," nigga, run or get clapped
I ain't cool with these dudes, I don't fool with these dudes
I don't wanna show love, I don't wanna give dap
I just wanna kick back, take trips, make hits, make big chips, stack 'til they tall as Kristaps
Me and your squad is mismatch
Your calves ain't strong enough to follow his path
And you know the bitch bad if I brought the bitch back
Let the chick ride stick like I taught her witchcraft
Caught a whiplash when they saw the whip pass
They like, "Okay, I see you," bitch, how could you not?
I drove to CVS, copped a Plan B and I watched as she swallowed, bitch, I kid you not
Can't take no risk in this game, my money grew, but my ambition's the same
Talk to me proper, you lookin' like Q at the locker, I pop up how Bishop had came
What's up? Niggas gon' put some respect on my name
One way or another
I work the whole winter to take over summer
They late to the party 'cause they overslumbered
Don't hop on it now, nigga, stay over yonder
I'm on Rodeo, I'm bummy
I'm 'bout to get fly like my layover comin'
I promise I don't feel a day over twenty
They hatin' from so far away and it's funny
I'm clappin' at niggas like they owe me money
Pop-pop-pop-pop-pop-pop, click
Shit, now the clip lookin' like Chick-fil-A on a Sunday
You might also like
He keeps killing us, father
He keeps taking and taking
I want to—

Pop in a new one and let off again
Always knew we was gon' get our revenge
Aim at whoever ain't dead, I will win
You thought 'cause I'm god of this rap shit that I'd just forget all the sins?
Oh, how you wish
He dope as a hundred and ten-hour binge
Everybody say that they start at the bottom
I don't care to doubt 'em, but this how it ends, nigga
Look at you, son
Look at what you've become
This how it ends
Never see no one get this high again
Globetrotter shit, bitch, that's just how I spin
Word to my palm, bitch, I'm too locked in
I hit 'em up, bitch, I'm 2Pac twin
Came up 'round sharks, so that's just how I swim
Came up 'round sharks, so that's just how I swim
(That's just how I swim)
This how it ends
Never see no one get this high again
Globetrotter shit, bitch, that's just how I spin
Word to my palm, bitch, I'm too locked in
I hit 'em up, bitch, I'm 2Pac twin
Came up 'round sharks, so that's just how I swim
Came up 'round sharks, so that's just how I swim
I'm sorry
I'm so sorry for what I've done3Embed


Track: H.Y.B. by J. Cole, Bas & Central Cee

Lyrics:
80 ContributorsH.Y.B. Lyrics
Listen, baby
I've got news
I've got bad news for you

And we ball like TNT, watch these hoes all pick a side
Bitches flock like TMZ every time we come outside
Called a Uber SUV, how many gon' fit inside? Yeah
Hide your bitch, hide your wife, yeah
Bagged your bitch in my slide, yeah
Pray the dogs never die, yeah
Forty-two come alive, yeah
Hide your bitch, hide your wife

I'm allergic to cap
I can't hear these niggas rap without an EpiPen
You'll never see me in Giuseppe, I find 'em tacky, look what I'm stepping in
Some shit I designed with Italians, callin' 'em Indy 5000s
Or maybe five hundred
I kick the door down, if I want it and niggas won't let me in (Uh)
My career in a nutshell, these bums never did nothin' but fail
They gon' see I'm the one when the dust settles
They gon' see I'm the one
A-B-C-D-E-F-G, H-I-J-K, uh, M-N-O-P
That's little me in the classroom askin', "What's L?" (Uh)
I never been known to take those
Your girl saw me and her face froze
You better be lucky I'm faithful
Please test me, I ace those
My money been growin' like eight fold, uh
But you know how I hate goals
I can't tell if they turning green from the envy, or is it the fake gold? (Uh)
I move through the street one deep, I keep forgettin' I'm J. Cole
I feel like a regular nigga, I just got a very irregular bankroll
Word to Pluma, I've been gettin' Pesos
My account like the end of a rainbow
Every time that I spit it's a flame throw
Me, Bassy, and Cench, it's NATO
You might also like
And we ball like TNT, watch these hoes all pick a side
Bitches flock like TMZ every time we come outside
Called a Uber SUV, how many gon' fit inside? Yeah
Hide your bitch, hide your wife, yeah (Skrrt)
Bagged your bitch in my slide, yeah
Pray the dogs never die, yeah
Forty-two come alive, yeah
Hide your bitch, hide your wife

Lord forgive me as I'm a sinner
The way that I live, I'm preparing for hell
I don't know why you're mad, you should probably thank me
'Cause I been airin' your girl
If it gets on top, we can take the chase 'cause we know the area well
Thank God I'm not far off a hundred Ms, I gotta thank Ron Perry as well
I don't even know why they stepped in the ring
A few seconds in and they're throwin' the towel in
When we pull into the town, neighbours sayin', "How the hell they get them houses?"
Now I'm in some different locations, I don't even know how to pronounce them
Award shows, I bring my pouch in, I ain't even pullin' out my
I can't get papped by TMZ, tryna fit four tings in the G63
I'ma give one ting to my bro YG, I'ma handle the rest and jeet all three
The back so big, got me all gassed up, how the fuck did she fit in them Diesel jeans?
I can't compete 'cause they ain't in my league
Oh, please, it ain't even a equal beef
At least hit man in the abdominal, bro, it don't even count if below the knee
Block life, chillin' with a horrible ho, she gonna get down and blow the team
Me and the guys was borrowing clothes, like, "Bro, let me hold that coat this week"
Now it's after hours, I've shutdown Harrods, I bring out the AmEx and go on a spree
And we ball like TNT, watch these hoes all pick a side
Bitches flock like TMZ every time we come outside
Called a Uber SUV, how many gon' fit inside? Yeah
Hide your bitch, hide your wife, yeah
Bagged your bitch in my slide, yeah
Pray the dogs never die, yeah
Forty-two come alive, yeah
Hide your bitch, hide your wife1Embed


Track: Fever

Lyrics:
48 ContributorsFever Lyrics
Hey, Jermaine
I know you're on the road
I know you're on your best rapper alive shit
But I hope you're doing good
And I hope you ain't forget about me
Because I'm thinking about you
And I hope you come to the Ville soon
Alright, hit me up

I love her and I need her
She keeps givin' me fever, fever, yeah
Like blowin' on sativa
She keeps takin' me deeper, deeper, yeah
It's all ups and downs I found
When she comes around, she be givin' mе fever, fevеr, uh
Now go throw the past away
We ain't guaranteed to see a better day, better day, uh

Got a new deal, just ran a train on a label
They not real and so they came with some fables
Without a chain, them boys plain as a bagel
I'm from the Ville, they sellin' 'caine if they able
I play the middle, I never hustled or nothin'
But I got lit, now I got the customers jumpin'
I'm on the road and, yeah, I'm thinkin' about you
Runnin' through hoes and now you think I forgot you
How could I do that? All that vibe you had
All that fight you had on you
I want them but I want you too
How can both those things be true?
You might also like
Ooh, when can I see you? (True)
Ooh, when can I see you?
Ooh, when can I see you?
Ooh, when can I see you? (True)

I love her and I need her
She keeps givin' me fever, fever, yeah
Like blowin' on sativa
She keeps takin' me deeper, deeper, yeah
It's all ups and downs I found
When she comes around, she be givin' me fever, fever, uh
Now go throw the past away
We ain't guaranteed to see a better day, better day, uhEmbed


Track: Stickz N Stonez

Lyrics:
73 ContributorsTranslationsPortuguêsStickz N Stonez Lyrics
Are you guys ready to party tonight?
Are you sure?
Yeah
I'm fuckin' with you, right? Okay
Ladies and gentlemen, ladies and gentlemen, can I get a—
Ladies and gentlemen
Hunger
Hunger
Yeah
Uh

They gotta hide they face
They was predictin' a nigga to fail, turns out that was not the case
I'm rockin' a mask with lots of cash, I look like I robbed a bank
Can't even rob the bank that I use, my money is not with Chase
Foreign deposit safes, I'm writin' this shit on a private plane
Somеtimes I be flyin' commercial still
Thеse niggas get rich and become so detached, they music start havin' that surface feel
Not a subliminal, speakin' in general, feelings get hurt when words get spilled
Sticks and stones may break your bones, but sayin' my name in a verse will kill
Word to the wise, nigga, we heard all them lies before
My number ones come from albums, theirs is burgers and fries to go
Go against me, your odds is low
I don't even got no opps for real
Nigga, just give me my props for real
I done did everything, I'm 'bout to chill
Count the mills in cribs on top of hills
Mad chips, cash rich, my stash thick, I'm Dr. Phil
Stash thick, I'm Steve Harvey
Bad bitch, two friends, hat trick, caught three bodies
And tell 'em to go like they E-40, uh
You might also like
Nigga don't want no smoke with me, I'm one of them ones
Tiptoein' through the slums, duckin' a hundred-round drum
I took my lumps way out in Cumberland, niggas ain't hunt where I hunt
Shit, I'm up, stomach still rumblin', niggas ain't done what I done
Nigga don't want no smoke with me, I'm one of them ones
Hop on a song with whoever, I ain't duckin' no one-on-ones
Ayy, pull up the track, I'm 'bout to black, I'm goin' on a whole 'nother run

Yeah
Ladies and gentlemen
Uh

So much drama on the street, feel like the beef is random
Murder galore, turn into Thor, I gotta keep a hammer
Case weather get inclement, shots rain on the innocent, the neighbors still don't know who sent them shits, it's like a secret Santa
Me, I'm out here reachin' for a higher frequency, I plan to
Rest my feet in presidential suites or sleep in beach cabanas
Skeetin' on thousand-count sheets, I'm hittin' freaks in tandems
Bust 'em down, then throw 'em in the cab like they from East Atlanta (Tonight)
How it feel to see the flyest bitch and know that he can land 'em? (Are you sure?)
Every word I speak on beats, it's guaranteed to feed the fandom (I'm fuckin' with you, right? Okay)
Weaklings wanna walk inside my sneakers, watchin' from the bleachers, only time they'll see the roles reversed is if they lease a Phantom (Ladies and gentlemen, ladies and gentlemen, can I get a—)
Bad investment, but what else you had expected?
Moms was broke my whole adolescence, never had a lesson
'Cept for pawn shop hustles to times collections, had her stressin'
Bitches couldn't tell if I was poor or just bad at dressin'
It was a bit of both, when I took it up top, I took an oath, huh
I was gon' hit a lick, break bread with my dogs, and split a loaf, huh
And take over the game, make sure that my name's considered GOAT
Now I'm back home as the best in the world, The Fall Off, come and hear the growth
On God, nigga
Nigga don't want no smoke with me, I'm one of them ones
Tiptoein' through the slums, duckin' a hundred round-drum
I took my lumps way out in Cumberland, niggas ain't hunt where I hunt
Shit, I'm up, stomach still rumblin', niggas ain't done what I done
Nigga don't want no smoke with me, I'm one of them ones
Hop on a song with whoever, I ain't duckin' no one-on-ones
Ayy, pull up the track, I'm 'bout to black, I'm goin' on a whole 'nother run

Ladies and gentlemen
Ladies and—1Embed


Track: Pi (Ft. Ab-Soul & Daylyt)

Lyrics:
168 ContributorsPi Lyrics
Know what I'm sayin'
Lights off, lights goin', know what I'm sayin'?
Haha, uh
So soulful, don't you agree?
I do, yeah
Is it a room full of, full of mirrors or a room full of Motown? I don't know
Shoutout to Zordon, if you know, you know
(She makes the rain fall from my eyes) Yo
Ayy
You know that I do belie— (Man)

The criteria for this tier is just a open pride
Hope and cries, but so can I
I drop the unprovoken crimes
Pray to the heaven, God, with no disguise
We roll the dice and hope the soul unties
Reap the fruit with no bow tie
Sensitive Pisces, still thuggin', baby, ain't 'fraid to cry
Skinny, biggy, lens is tinted, ain't got no lazy eye
Heart of gold, almost sold it in Saudi Arabia
Quill told me the clouds ain't real, God gotta paint the sky
So I'm a student of Sophia Stewart, the Matrix ain't a lie
Tainted Gods fall from the sky
Tie in inception
When you wake inside this dream, you a weapon
Step in the cypher, know the beef real
Your life at stake, ages with each meal
Real estate of mind, you need equity? Let the beat build
Poison in my cup, I need to refill
I feel it in my gut, you niggas meek still
I inherit the Earth
Like three wise men pulled up to cherish my birth
They placed me in a manger, wasn't that major at first
But what a mess I'll leave, I'm the savior at work
I ain't sayin' I'm Jesus
Got the job of the messiah, Ty and Joe, we block all devils
Get y'all shovels, can ya dig it?
We gon' riot if y'all pick it
Sign of danger, oh, we anger from my past, can't get past that
We the last batch and the cause installed, we got Black facts
Grow a spinal cord or backtrack
The homies call me Batman, I'm the African Ben Affleck
Publishin' some other shit, like is something up with ASCAP?
It's training day, don't get your ass capped
Givenchy snapback with the rhinestones, you ain't never had that
Was at Saks Fifth with Doe, that's a double entendre
Everything I say is dope, is this a microphone or contra?
Bands in my pocket
See what they told Malcolm X to do with his hands?
That shit was out of pocket
Picked up shotguns that came in handy, wasn't no plan B
Kid gone, who can fuck with him? Knew them shots would muzzle him
Knew the blocks would puzzle him
Let' go stupid because of him
Shells fallin' like Nephilim
Gilgamesh, who can fuck with him? (Perfect)
You might also like
Oh, y'all thought we was done wit' em? Huh
Y'all must be stupid, we finna go dumb on 'em
Just keep your ears open like Dumbo and them
Good luck to them, it's up for them
Piece of the pie edge, we gon' crumble 'em
Three fourteen on the guy head when we rumble 'em
Hahaha, on second thought, that's enough for them
Nah, you gotta chill, bro (Hahaha)

She makes a tear fall from my eye
Ah, man, I wish it was the rain
You gotta reach out to them
She makes the rain fall from my eye

Uh, prayer hands for the land where they sprayin' pellets
And turning your mans to an angelic
Being and freeing him from this crammed, hellish hole
The weather's cold from jealous souls that fanned fellas
I danced as well as Chris Breezy when the bullets start strayin' careless
I won't let him Swiss cheese me, got plans that I can't fail at
Seen plenty bodies trembling, resembling Cam Reddish
So full of potential, but never given a real chance to develop
My head envelops the pen, these ain't fan letters I craft
His album dropped, it was trash
I litter it like I can't spell it
Is you a demon or is that demeanor for the 'Gram? Tell us
They plead the fifth, I'm seeing hints of a trans fella
In cancel culture's vicinity, he's no killer, trust me
Beneath his chosen identity, there is still a pussy, period
Blood spillin' monthly, rather weekly as a myriad of bodies drop
Where bricks get karate chopped to maximize the dojo, comprende
I wonder, will my friends make it past the pearly gates, so we could kick it
But based on what their sins say, probably not
Hit lick after lick like a lollipop
You niggas take a lie detect', the polygraph'll probably pop
You know my zone, I live here at the top
Right now, I'm home alone, Macaulay cot
I keep the shotty cocked in 'case somebody plot to rob me of this godly spot
Jermaine monstrous
Like that nigga off Jumanji, they know how he rock
All these bodies I done caught, I should probably stop
Nah, fuck that, I willingly venture into a den full of lions
On some kill or be sent to a funeral home facility
To test my ability with this thrilling agenda
But it's hard to meet my match when my raps ain't really that tender
Since birth, the kid knew his worth
Never wallowed in sorrow, the game he dispersed
In these verses, bring a gillie potential, a milli' from pencils
Never will my ability cripple
Now please, hold yo' L like you guardin' Philly's young center
Quick to leave a chick curved
It's only one of me, but bet it's like six hers
In my mobile device, you feel the motive in these quotables, right?
Cole is the nicest, but ain't shit about these vocals polite
Focusin' like bifocals while I'm walkin' on tightropes from a height
You folks'll only get this scope from a flight
How many "Verses Of The Year" this year is Cole gonna write? Uh
You know that I do believe, she
She makes a tear fall from my eye
Falling, I
You know that I do believe, she, I2Embed


Track: Stealth Mode by J. Cole & Bas

Lyrics:
40 ContributorsStealth Mode Lyrics
Yeah, uh

We don't do sparklers
We give specific instructions to bring out the bottles in stealth mode
I'm hearing there's rats in the building
They sayin' it's not up to par with the health code
I feel like that's none of my business
Nigga be steadily giving opinions
On shit that don't even concern 'em
I got a lot to get off of my sternum

I been considerin' extending a olive branch
Building bridges with niggas that burned 'em
Like life too short to hold on to things
When Los was calling my line I stared at the screen whenever the phone would ring
Wish I could've said goodbye, even now I might cry while I'm writing this poem to sing
Life is a crazy thing
Look how I got cut from the team, now I own the team
Just a little piece, I ain't tryna make a scene
Like it's something it's not, my whole regime is up in the spot
Carefully watched by dozens of thots
Fuck it, I'll just have a couple of shots
Take off the edge and get out my head
When you up at the top it's a coveted spot
You might also like
We don't do sparklers
We give specific instructions to bring out the bottles in stealth mode
I'm hearing there's rats in the building
They sayin' it's not up to par with the health code
I feel like that's none of my business
Nigga be steadily giving opinions
On shit that don't even concern 'em
I got a lot to get off of my sternum

I got a lot to get off of my sternum
I got a lot to get off of my sternum, yeah
Bas, you should come right here

Niggas love talking a whole lot of bullshit and calling it guidance
I been in my mode, I'm not gonna hold you, I doubled my commas
I cycle through hoes, I gaze on the lotus, get head while I'm drivin'
You blow up a phone, we didn't even notice 'cause we was just vibin'
Niggas love talking a whole lot of bullshit and calling it guidance
I been in my mode, I'm not gonna hold you, I doubled my commas
I cycle through hoes, I gaze on the lotus, get head while I'm drivin'
You blow up a phone, we didn't even notice 'cause we was just vibin'

We was just vibin'
We was just vibin'1Embed


Track: 3001

Lyrics:
68 Contributors3001 Lyrics
What I need with ten cars? I can't drive but one
This for my niggas listening in 3001
As I'm writin' through this song, this world's gone insane
I know you feel me 'cause I bet that shit still ain't changed
I'm on a mission for this chicken, I'ma kill everything
I'm stackin' for a rainy day and it still ain't rained
Why niggas never open up? The answer had me chokin' up
It ain't enough words around to reveal they pain

I'm holdin' on tight to what it feel like to live a peaceful life
Since ridin' a bike, all that I ever knew was beef and strife
Goin' to sleep at night, prayin' that God release the stress
Now I'm on G4 jets across the sеas to decompress
My recеnt checks, how much you think? Hm, decent guess
They growin' more eager, "Cole, who you gon' kill on a feature next?"
Who would you suggest? My nigga just told me the streets a myth
And he's perplexed, they tellin' on people like the teacher's pet
He took a pull of his weed, he high as the trees where eagles nest
I started chiefin' less and less, it had my cerebral vexed
Too many blessings to be depressed
Went from too stressed to being blessed
Now, my new recipe's just keep that fuck shit from my desk
I don't want shit but my breath, I don't want shit but my fam'
Thought I used superglue, nigga, how this gun stick to my hand
I don't even tote no pistol, but that shit sounded so hard
Plus, I don't give a fuck about lyin' once I learned these niggas fraud
I'm finna burn these niggas, dawg
Bring me that urn, these nigga char
Cole, I'ma send 'em to crossroads with the lost souls
I saw Nia Long quote
I would've poked, back when my heart cold
Give her three or four strokes
Then I'm onto the next, shit like a par four
I'm a raw-ass nigga, 6'4", tall-ass nigga
With a sick flow, y'all ask Jigga
How much did the kid gross for that label
Paid dues, had to pay dude for my masters, but I'm grateful
Shit, business is business
I'm in the Ville, the windows is tinted
Keeping my dick in my britches, y'all get to the bitches
Me, I'ma get to this money and split with the missus
Nigga, this vicious, and I'm the truth
All of these niggas fictitious
Look at Jermaine, still runnin' the game
Damn, this physical fitness
Fuck with me, man
You might also like
What I need with ten cars? I can't drive but one
This for my niggas listening in 3001
As I'm writin' through this song, this world's gone insane
I know you feel me 'cause I bet that shit still ain't changed
I'm on a mission for this chicken, I'ma kill everything
I'm stackin' for a rainy day and it still ain't rained
Why niggas never open up? The answer had me chokin' up
It ain't enough words around to reveal they pain2Embed


Track: Trae The Truth in Ibiza

Lyrics:
76 ContributorsTrae The Truth in Ibiza Lyrics
Yeah
Nigga done got spoiled off these fuckin' PJ’s
I'm not—, It's not like I’m too good to fly commercial, that shit just—
It's a hassle at this point, you know what I mean?
Yeah

At a hundred degrees, I freeze the temp
Got my grip and I never proceed to slip
Feel the weight like I just had my Caesar clipped
Got a family to feed, I squeeze the clip
Walk in front of the judge and plead the fifth
I'm a legend but it ain't no need for myth
Better get you a visa, he's a trip
I had Trae The Truth in Ibiza lit

Niggas ain't 'bout to outwork me
Go to sleep late, still wakin' up early
Look at my belly, I’m hungry
Y’all niggas desperatе and thirsty
You can't even tell thеre’s a difference
Hungry is when you're relentless
Even when one of your idols look dead in your face and he tell you, "You can't" and you know that he meant it
But when you Cole, you attempt it
Come, let me show you a template
I had to grow out the concrete
I had to stroll through the trenches, uh
I had to stroll through the trenches
You might also like
At a hundred degrees, I freeze the temp (Temp)
Got my grip and I never proceed to slip (Slip)
Feel the weight like I just had my Caesar clipped (Clipped)
Got a family to feed, I squeeze the clip
Walk in front of a judge and plead the fifth
I'm a legend but it ain’t no need for myth
Better get you a visa, he's a trip
I had Trae The Truth in Ibiza lit
I had Trae The Truth in Ibiza lit
Yeah, that's my nigga
I had Trae The Truth in Ibiza lit

I can't do edibles
My head is spinnin' too much
Fell off the pedestal
And I'm never gettin' back up
Done tryna to be perfect, that shit is exhausting
An infinite force that nitpicking niggas get lost in
I'm scribbilin' thoughts, my pencil is sharpening
Trust in my pen, been tryna limit the crossing
The best part of makin' this cake is lickin' the frosting
And Barry been sayin' he love when I spit like I'm dark skin
And you know what he mean
I got a thirty-four waist
I had a forty jeans
Somehow I still got too big for my britches and tore the seams
There go my Achilles heel
Been tryna do everything
Thank God for my nigga Ib
What would I do with no team?
I wouldn't do anything
I would just sit on this music and hold it
Waiting for some perfect moment
Wondering why it ain't came
Meanwhile the world done changed
Suddenly songs I was loving last year don't feel the same
Somebody feel my pain
Please, somebody say I changed
All of these years done passed, I hope I ain't still the same
All of these songs I'm on, ain't nobody kill Jermaine
Isn't that rather strange?
I wrote a number of bad refrains
But isn't that life, dude?
Make a few hits but you gotta live with the strikes too
Instead of pretending I'm some incredible nigga, just let 'em hear all of it
The good, the bad, the ugly, the strong, the weak, it's me
The nigga that thought of it
All the portrayals of anything different or fraudulent
You wanna tap into your greatness, well this is the starter kit
The Fall Off, how many these bullets can fit in the cartridges
I'm lettin' 'em off on intentions to rip through your cartilage
My nigga just told me, "You trippin' for thinkin' of callin' quits,"
No lie
God is good, forreal
I'm just sittin' here askin' myself
The fuck was I even doin' here?
Fresh out the hospital bed, one to the back
Arm in a sling
And in the same breath, I'm in Ibiza
I ain't never fathomed seeing another side of this shit
I know you felt the same
Hell, I remember we used to pray for it, but hell
Look at ya', bro
People speak greatness these days when the name get mentioned
But what is greatness?
Nah, nigga we lit
Iconic, haha
It ain't over 'til we tap out
Cole, you better make these niggas feel you
We done seen 'em come
We done seen 'em go
From the Come Up to the Fall Off
And even when we fall off, we don't fall off, niggaEmbed


Track: 7 Minute Drill

Lyrics:
337 ContributorsTranslationsEspañolPortuguêsУкраїнська7 Minute Drill Lyrics

Yeah
Turn it up
Yeah, turn the vocal up
Uh

Light work like it's PWC
It's a cold world, keep the heat under your seat
I got a phone call, they say that somebody dissin'
You want some attention, it come with extensions
My dog like, "Say the word," he on bullshit, he itchin'
Done put in so much work in these streets, he got pension
I told him chill out, how I look havin' henchmen?
If shots get to poppin', I'm the one doin' the clenchin'

I came up in the Ville, so I'm good when it's tension
He still doin' shows, but fell off like The Simpsons
Your first shit was classic, your last shit was tragic
Your second shit put niggas to sleep, but they gassed it
Your third shit was massive and that was your prime
I was trailin' right behind and I just now hit mine
Now I'm front of the line with a comfortable lead
How ironic, soon as I got it, now he want somethin' with me
Well, he caught me at the perfect time, jump up and see
Boy, I got here off of bars, not no controversy
Funny thing about it, bitch, I don't even want the prestige
Fuck the Grammys 'cause them crackers ain't never done nothin' for me, ho
Slugs took my nigga's soul, drugs took another one
The rap beef ain't realer than the shit I seen in Cumberland
He averagin' one hard verse like every thirty months or somethin'
If he wasn't dissin', then we wouldn't be discussin' him
Lord, don't make me have to smoke this nigga 'cause I fuck with him
But push come to shove, on this mic, I will humble him
I'm Nino with this thing, this that New Jack City meme
Yeah, I'm aimin' at G-Money, cryin' tears before I bust at him
You might also like
Light work like it's PWC
It's a cold world, keep the heat under your seat
I got a phone call, they say that somebody dissin'
You want some attention, it come with extensions
My dog like, "Say the word," he on bullshit, he itchin'
Done put in so much work in these streets, he got pension
I told him chill out, how I look havin' henchmen?
If shots get to poppin', I'm the one doin' the— (Conductor, conductor, conductor)


I got mixed feelings 'bout these fuckin' rap niggas
It's over for that cap, we official cap peelers
Two-six, we don't at niggas, we get at niggas
Shoot a nigga lights out, yeah, my dogs stat fillers
Stat stuffers, triple-double, get your ass black duffled
Body bag, body bag, body bag
Cole World your instructor for Pilates class
Get a nigga stretched if I feel the disrespect, uh
Your arms might be too short to box with the god
Who live his life without the pressures of a constant facade
I pray for peace, but if a nigga cease these positive vibes
A Falcon 9 inside my pocket, bitch, this rocket gon' fly
Now it's poppin' outside like the top of July
My text flooded with the hunger for a toxic reply
I'm hesitant, I love my brother, but I'm not gonna lie
I'm powered up for real, that shit would feel like swattin' a fly
Four albums in twelve years, nigga, I can divide
Shit, if this is what you want, I'm indulgin' in violence
Put pictures in my home, aim the chrome at your eyelids
Fly pebbles at your dome, we the Stone Temple Pilots
This is merely a warning shot to back niggas down
Back in the town where they whippin' work and traffickin' pounds
My jack jumpin' 'bout a rapper makin' blasphemous sounds
Switchin' sides like the tassel on the cap and the gown
I'm fully loaded, nigga, I can drop two classics right now
Hah, let me chill out, man (Conductor)
The Fall Off on the way, nigga14Embed


