Track: Can I Live

Lyrics:
66 ContributorsCan I Live Lyrics
Yeah, pussy my passion, never been a fan of flashin'
Probably 'cause I never could, said if I had it, never would
Then I got my first lil taste of paper and I splurged
I guess it's just a nigga urge, this is The Boondocks
I swear, yo, I’m like Huey mixed with Riley
Thursday I be tryna save the world, and then on Friday, I hit the club
Hopin' that my dick get rubbed by some fat asses
Niggas get to scrappin' then you hear the gats blasting, damn
Hope them niggas ain't got no problems with me
My momma told me to speak like you got a college degree
You see, I can, but I won’t 'cause I’m saying what I want
Plus this slang that I speak don't change that I'm deep
As the throat on a certified freak, will she choke?
As we headed to the crib, yes, I let her give me head
So she won't 'member where I live, my game is tight
Baby, no need to bring pajamas, you ain't stayin' the night
No disrespect, I just say it polite
I drop her off before I sleep, I be praying for life
Like Hov said it, can I live?
Ayy, dear Lord, can I live?
Hey, now am I living to get paid, just slaves for a wage, are we?
I can't do no 9-to-5, told my momma sorry
I can't do no suit and tie, no I want the glory
If you knew me, know my life is like a movie starring me
Pardon me, if it seems that I'm following my dreams
I ain't reading off the script that they picked for me
I ain't pissed, nah, couldn’t give a shit hardly
I'll be shitting on them niggas that was shitting on me
Will I live or will I die before they get to know me?
If I go, I know the ones that’s pouring liquor for me
And I know them fake niggas really hating on me
Knew that I was 'bout to blow, so they was waiting on me
You might also like
But oh no, Lord
You see, I'm smarter than they know
So hold on, Lord, 'cause I ain't quite ready to go
Can I live?
Somebody told me that it's only one shot
So I'll be goddamned if I'm ever gonna stop
Promise to my momma I'ma make it to the top
So I'ma keep climbing 'til my heartbeat drop

Like the phone when she heard the news
Her sister on the other line talking to her shoes
The only son, what a thing to lose
More blacks singing more blues
More niggas pouring more brews
Poor dude, he was young like 21, straight up out that city that I'm from
A real smart nigga, but his niggas, they was dumb
He ain't even get a chance to run
Before it landed in his lung
God, breathe nigga
His partner screaming “Don’t you fucking leave, nigga!”
Took off his shirt, tryna stop the bleeding nigga, “Don’t you go!”
But his life fading slow
Did I tell my mom I love her, do she know?
Did I tell my baby sorry from before?
Won't get to see my son grow
Lord, I ain't ready to go
Can I live? Can I live? Dear Lord, Can I live?
Can I live?27Embed
